# Kambo

Description: life experience

> Allow yourself to rest. Be present in your body. Release all efforts towards your mission and the future you are to create. Practice doing nothing.
> 

I have sit in the sacred temple of @medicineoflove and I have gone through one of the most transformative experiences, the Kambo Warrior Initiation. Three consecutive sessions in a short timespan with a total of 21 openings in my base, sacral, solar plexus, heart, throat and crown to clear the toxins and resistances from this life. 

I was held beautifully through this process, releasing ego, anger, abuse, shame and trauma.

It wasn't the most comfortable of my experiences. To feel the power of Kambo running through my body, the palpitations in my heart, head, hands and the rest of my body. The sound of the drums, the crystal bowls, the light language activations and the acupressure body work, it all was part of Sharin's gift.

To purge violently, to release the anger and the toxins and to see them floating on the bucket. 

What was the most challenging part? 

Was it the moment when I went fully blind, eyes open, when the world was disappearing in front of me, or when I felt the medicine making its way through my limitations until it was ready for me to push them out?

Was it when I feared I was going to die and that I would not wake up again?

Was it when I had to truly surrender to the medicine and to let it do its work, facing my fears of being seen in my most vulnerable self?

Was it when I opened myself to my higher aspects, when the pain was clearer, when I was truly readying myself to share myself to the world to serve others into that which is True for me?

The life that I am living is the one I treasure the most. 

The clarity that I hold and the love that I feel is here to be shared. 

The Warrior Initiation truly opened the doors to a new way of living. 

To be what I am, to be present with what is, and to share my Truth for those who will hear it.

I bow as I am grateful to my teacher Sharin, who has opened so much in my life, who has been present for me and who is seeing my path unfold with her loving heart.