# Jee Ka

# How I Awoke

I was unhappy. Despite all the efforts to having a good life I was powerless to the outside world.

My relationships were falling apart. I did not care about people unless there was an interest for myself. I was seeking female approval by sexual encounters and I distrusted all men.

I had addictive personality, codependency, and I was mostly angry about it without knowing it.

I faced many creations and destroyments of beautiful relationships.

I took the role of the abuser and my partners took the role of the victim.

I was codependent, jelaous, aggresive, and I numbed myself I was numb.

I also was a great lover who believed in magic and who wanted to create the most beautiful life with whoever I was able to share it.

# Offerings

Jordi delivers a unique offering in personal transformation through a variety of tools like access consciousness and theta healing as well as body processes like reiki and tantrik activations directly channeled from source.

After mastering the tools from both access consciousness and theta healing he began channeling his own experience of transforming the space around the receiver into consciousness.

Jordi asks the receiver the right questions to activate the consciousness that the receiver is needing to become the highest version of themself. He uses a mix of his learnings in those different traditions with a touch of his own signature around the use of language as door to the subconscious. By the use of language he is capable to understand the state in which the recipient is in, allowing this way to bring consciousness into the experience of the recipient. And with this, just like a flashlight pointing into the story of a person, the pattern dissolves into space. The receivers may or may not feel the energy flow depending on the level in which they find themselves, how much work they have done and how sensitive they are around energies.

His work has been claimed to be like the integration process of a DMT trip by other plant medicine facilitators. Other effects have been somatic experiences either by tears or laughter, for around 30min, leaving receivers in a blissful state.

His healings are never the same, as he becomes the space that the receiver needs him to be to be able to deliver the transformation that they are needing in that moment. Jordi believes the meeting between himself and the receiver is a synchronicity for both, learning in every session how to finetune his capabilities, and the receiver becomes exactly what is ready for, just like a plant medicine experience.

Jordi works around the beingness of all beings. He is. His beingness defines the work that he brings to the world.

He works mainly in group setting, allowing the participants to share the stage in which they are around the story in which they live, allowing receivers to relate to each other. That way when he delivers the space and the choice into one person, everyone else is expanding into their own consciousness.

He creates space and consciousness around the person's truest of their being. He does not project ideas or guesses into the receivers mind, but opens the space for new possibilities by inviting new and more expanded energy-consciousness into the field of the receiver.

He can work on one on on sessions to deliver maximum transformation for the time spent. 

In any one session, the receiver may overcome a long lasting challenge that the receiver is not willing to work about anymore as it has been dragged around for too long. 

If the receiver works with Jordi for a longer period of time the transformation is exponential. The life of the receiver totally changes. This can be a shock for some. Some come for change but don't realise what their life can really become when fully empowered.

Jee believes in the magic that everyone is. For him there are no limits into where people can get to, besides people's limits onto how much they truly want to become.

To work with Jordi, there are no requirements besides the willingness to face the Truth of themselves. Head first, the person can face their darkness and still love themselves. Jordi delivers a no-judgement based transformational therapy. It breaks the world of duality where most people find themselves stuck in, and allows them to elevate themselves away from everything they thought they were into the being that they truly came to life to be.

In a ceremonial setting, Jordi has a variety of aspects into which he becomes

- He delivers hand on healing by gentle touch, sounds and hand gestures
- He channels sounds, spoken words and melodic songs with other guitar players and musicians. He sings about the beauty, the strength of Life and the human as the blessing that we all are. His songs are a call into living for people to awaken the magic and the light within. He makes simple songs to release the seriousness of the processes and to relax into the simplicity of beingness.

# Trainings & Certifications

- Theta Healing Instructor in Basic, Advanced & Dig Deeper with Vianna Stibal
- Theta Healing Practitioner in Basic, Advanced, Dig Deeper, Manifesting & Abundance, Intuitive Anatomy, You & Creator, DNA3 with Bourgeon UK
- Access Bars & Access Consciousness Foundation
- Reiki & Psychic Awareness with Sera at Shivenergetics
- Kundalini TT Yoga 200h + Kundalini TT Advanced Mind & Meditation 60h
- Ashtanga Vinyasa & Rocket TT Yoga 200h
- Yin Yoga TT 100h
- Rainbow Kids Yoga TT
- Laughter Yoga TT
- Men's Leadership with John Wineland
- Intimacy & Polarity with John Wineland
- Computer Science Bachelor Diploma at FIB-UPC
- 

# My Journey

My journey began the day that I realised that my connections were shallow and that everything was falling apart. I was having a very 'successful' life.

I worked in software companies in a city hub like London. I was getting a great salary for my contribution, I was allowed much more than many people I knew they worked in any sector.

I was a software engineer and I worked in companies that made life easier to people, ultimately becoming a partial CTO and running a team of enginners for a company that contributed in people's emotional health.

I was insatisfied. I knew there was something more to life than that. 

There was one issue that repeated over and over again anywhere I went and anyone I was really close to.

# How did he get there?

---

My journey begins at the age of 4, making magic potions in my parents gardens. Playing in nature and surrounded by +5 cats.

With so much creative energy and an awareness that the life that was going to be presented was not the True life to live, I was shut by my mother in an attempt to stop me from shining my love for the world.

Being such a carrier of light meant I had so much energy and inspiration to give to others. With  parents that lived the 90s life that had been projected onto them, they fed me school, TV and abuse.

I was an introvert in school, I was shy. I was weird. I did not follow the masses on cultural knowledge. I did not care about the same things that others did care, which put me in a position of pseudo-bullied. Some people tried to abuse me during teenage years, and I fought back fiercely.

I left home at 21 as my relationship with my mother was insatisfiying and heartbreaking to me. She still intended to solve a disagreement with slapping me at the age of 16, in which tore me apart for the years to come. That was a representation of how the feminine side of my family had dealt with excess of Light in children back then. As long as I remember I have memories of discussions and arguments and slaps and emotional blackmail and emotional torture.

It impacted the way I grew up and my relationship to man and woman. I could not truly love myself, truly love my partners, and truly love men. I became codependent.

I had a 'great' life. I was a Software Engineer earning more than my parents were earning together. I lived in London, and got drunk regularly to cope with my choices. I changed girlfriends and I changed jobs. I became really good at showing what people needed to see from me. I became really good at hiding the Truth in myself.

One day, I woke up. I began questioning everything I had ever done and searched for answers about who I was truly meant to be.

I realised how separated I felt from everything and everyone, slowly waiting for my death to come. Calling it every time I would abuse substances. I was abusive and I was reckless.

I was magical and at the same time I didn't know how to make a relationship work, neither with men or woman. Every relationship would eventually break and some broke badly.

Once I realised that 

Since then it has been a constant hunger for self exploration and evolvement.

---

Separation from Source is my deepest wound. It is a wound I have searched to fill up with so many relationships in my life. I have fallen in love with myself through another person many times in my life. This brought up a lot of the stuff that was unresolved from the relationship with my mother. I became someone I did not want to be and I found myself powerless to what was happening when I was in partnership with someone I wanted to move forward in life with.

I was awakening to the Truth of what happened to me for me to become who I was becoming.  

The search for Infinite Love is something I am since a very long time ago. I remember writing about it when I was 14 and how I felt unheard by the female in the world. I was too sensitive. I was too much.

---

Jordi was always an introvert. He was always the weird one in school, the one that could have friends but decided not to. He grew up disconnected from the general cultural interest in the country of Spain. He was always interested in International Music and very disengaged from what anyone else in school was passionate about.

He grew up with just one friend, his long lasting male friendship, who was someone representing the archetype of the father that did not truly support him in his path.

His first wound was the separation from mother, which accompanies many during their life. Seeking love in the wrong places, trading love for freedom and perpetrating the abuse/victim relationship.

The second wound was a sexual trauma that we most carry due to the lack of understanding about energetic boundaries with people and the attraction to the creative energy of all beings. The twisted sexualness around gender that we have in society about what is normal to be attracted to  while being treated sickness with suppositories when he was a child.

The third wound was the competition with father and the distrust of men in life. With a father that did not know how to engage emotionally and did not know how to protect him from abusive mother.

He was into poetry since a young age and was the one who discussed deep questions with whoever was in that space. He was holding the space of others when on heart breaks and arguments, being the neutral energy to bring people into understanding of their situation.

---