# Karlyn

KARLYN SOVIED –

*Self-Alchemy mentor, Sound activator, Ceremony holder, Consciousness explorer*

*Modalities: Quantum & Shamanic healing, Sound therapy, Voice activation, Breathwork*

Karlyn is deeply committed to the path for the Revelation of the Self. She offers a space for deep transformation and reconnection with your true nature. Fascinated by growth, learning and expansion, she was trained to a variety of modalities such as quantum healing, sound therapy, shamanism, breathwork and conscious communication. Karlyn embodied all those teaching to create her own uniqueness where each tool is carefully chosen and designed to the uniqueness of you.

As a therapist and mentor, she is creating a space of deep trust and active presence where you can fully be and be seen in all your shades and colors. Her sessions are journeys where you can experience the constellation of your being and access to your subconscious, through the use of word activation, breath, visualization and direct connection to the quantum field’s imprints. She is supporting you in bringing light at the root of your emotions, traumas and limiting beliefs for them to be reprogrammed. Karlyn believes in everyone’s ability to transform, create and thrive. People who were guided by her often experience an intense yet gentle healing, with deep emotional release allowing them to unfold their full potential and discover their gifts and wonders.

As a teacher, Karlyn is empowering her students for them to become their own healers and ultimately to be in service for other beings. She is sharing the wisdom of quantum healing and shamanism in group and retreat settings where everyone can become both student and teacher, supporting each other into the ascension process.

Karlyn is also a musician and sound activator in Ayahuasca ceremonies using her own voice and poetry as a guide and channel to higher realms. Gong master, drums, guitar, crystal and Tibetan bowls player, Karlyn is alchemizing patterns that are brought up to the surface, bringing magic and light to shadow. She is also holding Psilocybin ceremonies where she creates a safe space for people to have a direct experience of their Supreme Consciousness. She is supporting the journeyers with sound, touch, shamanic healing and the radiance of Pure Presence allowing them to merge with Totality.

*My personal journey*

My journey started years ago when I had everything of the perfect life : a cool job in a famous production company of documentary movies, working on cool projects, living in a cool apartment in Paris, but something was still missing... I remember being sit at my computer desk, drawing Excel tables, often wondering if that was going to be my life. Deep inside, I knew there was something more… I wanted to discover, learn, move, feel…

Soon enough I quit my job, my apartment and book a one-way ticket to travel the world. On the road, from country to country,

I found myself.

Far from the office life, I shut off my rational mind, developed my intuition, started to create art again and completely changed the way I lived, connecting for the first time with my beingness. Guided by the signs and encounters, I met shamans and spiritual masters who taught me sacred music instruments and lead me to perceive a whole new invisible realm, the one of the guides and spirits.

I decided to dedicate myself to growth and learning, joining trainings and retreats, facing my past and any emotion that was coming up.

I was more alive than I had ever been.

Back in France it became obvious that I wanted to be in service of other human beings to share what brought me so much joy and peace. I started to offer one-on-ones healing sessions, group courses and retreats guiding other through their self-transformation. 

As a growth-addict and Consciousness seeker, I am constantly digging inside myself learning and unlearning with a beginner’s mind to keep on expanding. 

Certifications : Shamanic Healing (FSS - Fondation for Shamanic Studies), Sound-therapy (Gong Master Don Conreaux, tuning fork pioneer John Beaulieu, Academy of Sound Therapy, Satyam Shivam Meditation School), Quantum Healing and Past Life regression therapy (BQH, Access Consciousness, Theta Healing), Breathwork (Breathwave & Holotropic).  

Additional trainings & qualifications : Access Bars, Vipassana, Hridaya Yoga 17 days Silent retreat, Hridaya Hatha Yoga Module 1, Fondations of Tantrik Yoga (Hareesh Wallis), Gene Keys Venus Sequence retreat, Kundalini Yoga, Conscious communication.