# An Exchange of Presence

Description: QUANTUM REBIRTH
Column: October 31, 2021 10:01 AM
No: Yes
Word Count: 1878
Yes: No

Where we learn to ask for what we truly want in our lives. If we can't ask for it, if we can't exchange something for it, then we are not truly ready to receive it. We realise that every interaction is an exchange of energy and that we acknowledge each other into the gift that they are. 

Our Ego will often think it needs certain things to happen to it like being smudged when your partner smudges herself, now that is a gift that the partner has to choose to give, and if I am ready to ask for it then I realise that I am asking for an exchange.

We should live in a gift economy, Where we act upon each other because we feel like it, not because we are conditioned to do things like have been done before. No moment beyond now exists. Every interaction is unique and it's the whole universe on itself. Every thought and tightness in our body is created because of our own non-acknowledgment of where we can open our hearts. We deserve each others full attention where we interact with each other. We deserve Presence. We owe to ourselves to be fully in our bodies whichever the person we are in front of. And to allow ourselves to fully receive the person in front of us as the gift that they are. Their uniqueness. To acknowledge their energy, who they are. What they have been through, what they have learnt, what they feel, what they have given attention to and what they have focused on. 

We have to realise that our word is a sacred tool of manifestation. It shall not be given fro granted. We have to mean each and every word we express. We have to take responsibility for ourselves. We have to understand that when we speak we alter the fabric of existence for others. If I say, I am hungry, you are going to try to relate to it, so by my saying I am hungry, I am asking you to relate to me so you can reinforce that which I am speaking about. If you were truly hungry, you'd either go fetch your food or create an invitation for the other to be shared. Would you like to eat something? I am going to prepare something for myself and I am willing to do it for you too. The fact that someone says I am hungry it's a self negative talk where we are not being enough present with ourselves, and a part of us chooses to solidify itself to the Ego can grasp it and take an action that is not the highest and is hiding what may be underneath the actual spoken word.

We have to realise that food alters our internal system of energies. When we surround ourselves with a person that is positive we often absorb their positivism and when we are around a negative person we also receive their negative energy and we have to rebalance and recalibrate within ourselves. Food does the same to us. We can only truly know ourselves when there are no input coming our way. And we also require the other to be able to be mirrored to realise ourselves. It is a balance between the pull and the push of the energies that we are, like waves in the ocean laying and holding each other like on an eternal dance of energies.

When we become aware about ourselves, we act from a quantum space of Truth, which means that when we act we act because it fulfils us, without modifying the people around us or altering their course of action. Our mind often wants to know things that have no relevance to us because we have been taught to act this way. Like, what are my friends doing right now? When we don't express with words we find a realisation of truth where we allow the other to be in their space and   we take responsibility for how that makes us feel. We grow from there. Because we learn to grasp the edges of our energies so we can function without modifying each other. A life in harmony is a life with silence. When we speak we solidify concepts. In silence we remain in flow. We don't get stuck in an energy because we can't put a word to it which solidifies it in a box. 

The Exchange is the word, because when we express with our words we ask the other for something we would like to receive. When someone expects our voice back they ask our solidification on a subject. They ask us to go down from the etheric into the physical to fulfil that which they are asking us. Is it worth it to be asked have you seen this and this person today if truly you ask that from an Ego place? Where it's easier to deflect from yourself the energy that you feel inside, like saying I am hungry, instead of listening truly to yourself and take action from that place. The exchange is the listening, where we allow someone to defuse themselves and to sort out the energies where they find themselves entangled. A life in balance is a life with no need to defuse oneself. A life in peace is a life in silence. Our word is our gift. We can use it to love someone and to show how they make us feel. Or we can use it to release that which we have allowed ourselves to be entangled with. What we have been entangled with is our responsibility. It contains the untruthfulness of ourselves to ourselves, the unconsciousness, the lack of stillness, the lack of self observation. With our word we can express to release, express to enlighten, ask for an exchange or ask for a gift. There is people who we naturally feel like expressing to release, because this people are good at receiving and transforming that which is needed to be released. There are people who are good at expressing to enlighten, who carry information that the other can grow from receiving. We all take these forms in different times and with different peoples. We are good at enlightening people on themes where they are unaware or are willing to be taught.

Asking for an exchange or a gift is where the Reward comes in. What we often do is ask for a gift, and believe that the balance will balance itself out in time. When we do this we allow ourselves to disempower itself because we choose to receive from others what we could also give to ourselves. I can come and ask you to hold space for me so many times that I forget I can hold space for myself and that for even the smallest challenges I will ask for that gift. We are asking for an exchange where we have forgotten to give something back. We count that because of in the future we may hold each other's space that it's best to not balance it out. It's unbalanceable. It's unmeasurable. This leads to over sharing our gifts because when we speak we are subconsciously modifying the one who receives and we don't acknowledge that our expression may be a calling to be held in space. 'A friend is there to listen their friends' it's a collective consciousness that would make us share where we are at and not 'ask to be held space or to be therapist-ed'. That is not true. When we speak to release we're expecting the end receiving to transform the energies that we speak. if not, we would rumble it all into our mirror or to ourselves on our own. Now, we may not realise that we either would benefit from keeping it to ourselves for us to sort it out or that we are willing to ask for an exchange/gift from someone else. We have to be fair with ourselves. We may require to face something on our own and keep ourselves accountable for that. It means that If I am meant to stay 8 hours in my room until I figure something out because I don't truly feel that it's anyone else's business and I am not willing to ask for a gift from someone else then it is my responsibility to take care of myself. It is realising that we hold a greater intelligence that may keep us from drinking or eating as a way to numb and escape the realisation that we are superconsciously intending to achieve. And it's in the discomfort where we grow. Sometimes we require to feel some discomfort in order for us to navigate what is true for ourselves and what is not in contribution to ourselves. We may get very agitated and begin to distrust the process as we feel uneasy. When this agitation occurs there may be a good time to let it pass and carry on another time. It's best not to 'abuse oneself'. To see where the fun is disappearing. If there is no excitement for the part of the process where you are now, and willingly with your open heart realise that it's not aligned with you, then it's indicating that there is a hidden ego part of you playing part in. You may also be able to feel when the fun is reaching a rest. It shows where you are seeking a moment of rest.

When you give thanks, give them with your presence, and allow the presence to be embodied by yourself, free from mind. Become the gratefulness, embody the feeling of being grateful and allow it to express itself through you. It's not about mentally saying 'thanks', and it's not about listing the conceptualised reasons that we give thanks for. We acknowledge the being that the other one is, beyond what they have offered us and why we feel it's impactful on our lives. We acknowledge the other one for what they are and not because of what their actions. We love the presence of the other. We love the presence in ourselves. We honour the gift of being received fully. We breath it in fully. We let it transform us from the inside out. We give thanks for being seen. For being allowed to exist. For being accepted where we are. For when we're loved where we are allows us to become what we all are.

The Reward.

To share time with others without fearing ourselves.

In every moment you are with a reflection of yourself. Every person is you and the only moment that exists is now with the person or people you are sharing that moment with. They are all your reflections. They are all you. How you can treat those 'external' parts of you is how you much you allow yourself to love those parts in yourself. We are all part of the same. When we love each other as a part of ourselves we allow the universe to love us the same way.