# Blue Vany Chat

Column: December 26, 2021 1:50 PM
No: No
Yes: No

Hahaha yeah totally I'm not trying to wake them up I've already been there and it's not good for anyone Hahaha

It requires a lot of self control, I admire you for that, I’m still not there and losing too much energy trying to wake up my family but it’s getting better and better ahaha

If you want them to accept you for who you are you have to accept them for who they are. From there share from your own experience and accept they don't have to go where you go as much as they don't expect you to be what they are

❤️

I know … very complicated when it’s a parent … like, when you don’t want to cut them off but cannot accept the violence they bring

❤️

You have to grieve what position you are in. Not accepting doesn't allow you to free yourself. When you're accepting who they are they will naturally not be able to act the same way in front of you

Nowadays my parents can't speak almost anything with me. It's not thst I don't let them is as if they don't find words because as they have not grown they also can't speak in places where I used to get triggered because now that I've overcome that the receptors don't exist

And naturally I'm distancing myself from them a little bit yet it feels good because I do it from an open heart space. I feel and I am what I enjoy and I often don't find myself connecting with them nor trying to make them something they are not. If they change they would naturally be drown to me again yet until thst happens I know I've done all from my side

Otherwise I would be forcing or 'abusing' myself by following a flow where I don't feel good

So when you grief the loss, which has already occurred, you set yourself free

This type of words, I wish I could understand them on another level than I actually do. I accepted so many things about my mother, but it’s more the fact that she allows her man’s to be violent with her childrens and I’m really not okay with that. I accepted that this is the way she wants to live her life but she is bringing all of that in mine. And it’s more the choice I have to make between not accepting her in my life at all, or accept her but knowing she will still bring this violence with her that is hard to make

As Long as you don't accept this pain then you fight and try to change or can't 'cut them loose'

Aren’t you scared to end up alone ? Or scared of abandonment ?

I know my words are challenging to fully understand as I can understand what I mean thru a huge awareness and transformation I've gone thru so I can see how it can be triggering for people to even hear me speaking. Specially with the people I work with I see how it's challenging to understand yet a present awareness and conversation often opens the person to truly understand what it means

❤️

Let me answer you now

1. You have to feel more. This means spending hours and days on the feelings thst you feel. From grief to anger to confusion to uncomfortability in any way it comes to you

Like even physical uncomfortability

2. When you believe you have a choice you're coming from an ego. The ego says it's safer to close the heart and cut a connection. There is truly no an option. The only way out is in. Into feeling everything as we said in point 1.

The emotions keep creating the same situation until you feel and acknowledge and allow it to change for you. Once this happens then you don't have to choose. God will choose for you given the work of the other person. It may naturally drawn you away from the connection without feeling you 'are cutting' the relationship

3. Fully accept what is. When you resist what is you resist life. It's not about questioning why it's happening. It's about allowing and opening the heart through feeling. It's about forgiving as you feel the extense of the impact of someone in your life (in this case your mother) don't get confused. It's not about what she does now but what she has been all her life and probably in relation to your father.

Now. The process of feeling is a whole thing of its own. It takes time to feel the repression and hurt of 30 years of life. Yet the results are outcounting in terms of rewards than how much the pain hurts when you feel it

All of this can only happen naturally I guess ? Because what you say sounds very logical and this I how it always worked before for me, but like always, I’m stuck in a situation. I know it means I’m not ready to let it go but shit, I wish I could have a solution like it was a physical pain

❤️

The process is simple yet it takes a great amount of discipline and commitment. Normally we only begin to change when we have hurt ourselves so much that we realise we are not willing to do it the same any more. Yet it seems that even spiritual people keep choosing the old hurt than the unknown of change. I understand. Changing to something that we have never experience is more fearful than all the pain we've ever got

Well. I'm glad you can reflect like that. Yes it happens naturally. Yet you may be not allowing yourself to feel to the extend you can make yourself feel.

When I began going deeply into this I used to spend 6 to 8 hours a day releasing the hurt

It happened spontaneously

Then I got the grip that it was my gift and my higher self was speaking to me to give me a new tool to pass on

Now it's my main practice and it's what I teach and what I intend to share with the world.

❤️

To speak from the heart. To discern the ego mind. To know when we open our hearts or when we bypass

To find the signs of our true intuition and not a simple 'feeling or gut feeling'

When you click into that state the exercise is surrender and trust and it becomes easier at an exponential rate

I wonder if this ever stops, whenever to grow from something you have to face another thing you don’t know about yourself and understand it in order to grow again

❤️

You begin to open to clear knowing and realise how you channel truth

It's cyclic yes

Yet there are pit stops that make a whole differencr

There are pieces of wisdom and understanding that completely change you

Specially when you begin to identify energies and release the blocks to follow through without fear. To be able to release fear of any situation

It's like all resistances melt away almost at sight

Then it's not like it's over yet you realise you're playing with yourself

And becoming a master

That part can be frustrating at times

That is more the path of realising the full expression of your gift

It's different than finding the key to releasing fear or overcoming challenges

You probably come from a very dark place, because if you have this knowledge now I guess you had to « fight » for it, people with confortable life don’t need to understand so much about themselves

❤️

You begin to understand yourself as God and to understand what you truly came here to do

Exactly. Well said.

Spiritual awakening happens within a threshold of pain

If you have too little pain or too much pain it takes longer

Yet you have the right amount of pain and 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀

Too much pain ?

Too much pain would equal to drug addictions and being in the street u capable of being in society for example

To me, too much pain means that understanding is an emergency

There's so much pain you keep numbing and running away

Oh yes I see

Dissociation etc

Yeah. Or you hide or is not enough

Yes I did go thru a lot and I asked not to go thru it again so my fill time job is figuring out myself

And nothing else

It's all about me opening up to the light

Not even planning to make a living or figuring out my life in any other way than me being clear enough

Why did you get into spirituality more than psychology ?

And as I do this I open to the Channel and the messages are clear about where to go what to do and people come and ask me to work with them

I'm an engineer

I programmed programs. How much better is that now I reprogram the mind?

❤️

When I was a kid I wanted to do psychology

Anyway. For me there's no spirituality. It's not spiritual. Is human. Is innate to reality

It's like saying to the ocean ' how is thst you got into waves '

It's an extension and defines us. Not even a reason to put a name to it

My work is about deconstructing

Not only patterns or the mind. It's about everything. The light has not language as we do neither the concepts we hold about reality.

When we break free from all we thought we were we can become everything we haven't even been able to think about. Limitlessneds

But the way you speak about life sounds like spirituality for me, I cannot find another word for it lol and as I’m really into psychology, I wonder what you found in this path that gave you more answers than psychology

❤️

Limitlessness

When you seek yourself you find God and then you seek God you find yourself

I'd need to ask you what you mean with that question maybe now is not the time

I understand people call it spirituality

Yet a tree was a tree before anyone called it a tree. We called it a tree to reference it yet it didn't need nor it needs the word

Words and concepts separates us yet we needed to separate to bring the consciousness in

Now that consciousness is in its about letting go of the words and concepts so we can become one again

It's quite beautiful really

I can feel the energy were bouncing off here haha thanks it's rewarding

We needed darkness to understand light as when there was no darkness there was no light either

That's the transcendence of duality

For thst we merge with everything

( I’m reading you, just feeding my cats before they eat me alive )

It is like we needed to create concepts and boxes to understand that we're not part of the all. Like until you have consciousness you don't have awareness of yourself. So we needed to feel separate to be able to have the double point of view. Now thst we can feel ourselves we can also feel the whole creation and ourselves as a part of it. That's when we say thst consciousness experiences itself.

❤️

Have you ever thought about writing a book

Yet to be able to experience yourself as the whole you have to release the ego and for that all must go. So no words or concepts or identifications or attachments (and pain is attachment, or fear)

I am working on myself first as there's no point to create anything unless it is for me first. What I know I know so the book is not needed. Yet I have written a lot and it's still there. Whenever I need the information it comes out thru me. What I do is create a training or course to awaken people's essence into this way of experiencing the seg

Self

Are you doing classes ? I mean, how does it work

I mostly work one on one with some particular people who I resonate with and who can receive the Teachings that come thru. It's a little bit like the pioneers of my work

That's what I mostly do as work now. Some people are the right people to be activated in thst way. It's a little bit like passing the torch. I teach them and activate them until they get it and then I show them how to discover their unique gift

And expand into it

And to find their truth and the expression of their heart and stop avoiding who they are

Side by side to this I'm opening to the idea of group work and training or course. That would be more like a closed group to go thru a particular initiation in a group setting, online. Where the foundation is shared and then I overlook their personal practice in terms of making sure they are not bypassing their own path

It's challenging to remain centered. It's challenging to not loose yourself in the process. That's the reason I work one to one because it needs a great level of attention for my channel to keep a person in their center when they awaken to their self

Their self and the essence of who they are

I activate people's avatars. Wow. Never called it thst way till now. Thanks for the channel!

It's the avatar consciousness which is the higher aspect of them which is the spiritual self embodied in the human self

Not thst I've searched what it means anywhere else..I know some people call this to something but I base myself in pure light channeling so words come thru me without me knowing the meaning until I experience it myself thru others

I have not found the right words for describing what this state is because part of the effort is into not identifying with concepts so I tend to watch out my language so there's no place where the spiritual ego can validate itself otherwise it delays itself

And again I'm in my own process so people who come to me are in the right space for me taken them on board and it works both ways just like now. I exchange with them my current state and at the same time I figure myself out thru them. Like for example now with you as I have you this piece of wisdom I also rediscovered myself and realised concepts I didn't know. So I know this meeting was for this reason now. Otherwise I wouldn't be in flow channeling all of this. Thank you for being in the receiving end of this conversation now. I appreciate 🙏🏼✨

I work in form of sessions. As the person brings the challenge they are in I guide them into feeling and to learning from through themselves

Then the spiritual concepts come and appear at the right time for them to go to the next level

The goal is that they know how to do this work for themselves and I guide them into understanding how it feels to be in the process and how to remain centered so they don't sidetrack themselves out of it or delay themselves

I teach them how to do the same process i do for them for them to do it themselves for themselves or for others

Guide them to awaken themselves as I act as a bridge to the truth that we all hold within

I teach how to embrace their God like nature

Thank you 🙏🏼 with that I finish now. Much love 🙏🏼✨❤️

Thursday 3:51pm