# Coralie

Column: November 22, 2021 6:12 AM
No: No
Yes: No

Hello Jee

I just wanted to share I felt a bit confused yesterday because I didn’t expect anything else than a friendly talk. And then more and more signs arose and I could see what this meeting was to you.

For me at this moment , I need simplicity of relationship more than anything . I just love talking deep and being open and grow with people as a way of life . I am learning to infuse that everywhere around me.

I just wanted to share what is clear in me right now

# Me

Hi Coralie,

Thank you for letting me know how you feel about what we spoke yesterday.

I have to say that I was not intending anything else than connecting and seeing what it meant. In the state where I am now I have to take care of myself and to honour what I can be for people. This has nothing to do with being friends or having a friendly conversation. These are constructs we have perpetrated in society in order to not go deeper into realising the truth of our nature. Now, after a long time of empowering myself and realising what I am here to do, I am clear with people about what a connection means. When I have a call I empty myself and I allow what needs to be share to be expressed through me. I allow myself to fall in a trance state and express what my heart is knowing. I am not asking that things have to be this or that way. I do my side of the exchange, I honour who I am and what any connection would be for me. This is unrelated to if you will resonate with it or now. Spirit is guiding me to express my truth at all times and feel enough with it. I am sharing my gift the form I have to share it and people have the choice to either receive it or not. I honour the fact that you are expressing how you feel, which is very right and valid. 

I am not looking for a friendship, as I am working on redesigning what friendship means, and so I am working on creating a new world where the old traditions and limitations are not transmitted into the future. I am not here to educate you on any of what I feel to be true as I am experiencing within myself as I am constantly releasing the old hurts that we have accumulated as humankind for eons. Now it's the time to begin something new, and I am the one who begins it as I don't know anyone around me who is courageous enough to look deep inside. I have to honour the truth that is coming through as I receive more of God within myself.

In the call I spoke that I felt it was a synchronicity because what I seek you offer as what you seek I offer. It is an exchange of our particular wisdom and the direction where we are going towards. The path we are in requires us to be honest with ourselves and in that case I don't resonate with calling it a friendly meeting or friendship exchange. The information, wisdom, activation, and transformation that comes from these spaces are not a mere friendly talk. These are very sacred exchanges and as so they required to be treated as the sacredness they are. We are high spiritual beings sharing the gifts of inspiration, activation and transformation. 

It is our responsibility and our duty to be clear about what we are seeking when we connect to another human being. Using the concept of friendly conversation as a way to speak about our challenges and receive free advice based on friendship is not honouring the direction of our awakening process. As I expressed, when we know, we know, and we can't pretend we don't know to lower ourselves to the level of awareness that the people around of us hold within themselves. This may be seen as arrogance, as the person receiving may feel triggered for many reasons, and that is the reason that we all do enough shadow work, so we can all take responsibility for our fears. I am not here to force you to do anything. I am here to guide people who are ready to move forward and take responsibility for what has happened to us, the deep programming we have received, and specially to be ready to transform into a paradigm of reality that we don't know as we have not allowed ourselves to go as deep as now. 

This is confidence. It is knowing one self, and being so clear that we hear the words after we speak them. It is allowing the energy of god to pour through ourselves as we become the vessel for the messages to come through.

I know that we are teaching each other. Your specific situation is challenging me to express my truth, and this truth may be for me only to realise now, or may be for you to receive and reflect upon. I am happy both ways. I follow what I feel and express what comes through me naturally. This is what I am inspired to be every day for my own joy, happiness and excitement for life. I let the things that have to be to be and take responsibility for what comes through. 

I don't 'know' anything. I don't 'have' answers. I know that I am committed to release as much darkness there is in me so I can align myself more with the higher vibrations of love and life. 

I understand you may have felt like I was driving the conversation towards somewhere. Now, who was that 'I', was it me the Ego or was the 'I' that is behind the awareness of the 'I'? And what would happen to you if it was one or the other? What would be the fears, to finally have been heard by God and you would be called upon for one of his/her messengers, to then be silenced? How would you know God speaks to you through another one when we fear that to be true? This is what I teach to people, how to realise themselves as the light, to hear themselves and the messages you drop-drip to yourself, anywhere and everywhere. We are again in the same space I was speaking about yesterday. You have come to me in the time in which God has asked me to come out to guide people, and I have recognised you as someone who feels as I have felt before. I know what has taken me to go from a place like that to where I am now, and I know what was needed for me to reach where I am now. I am only offering the guidance so you can realise that within yourself, as your own teacher, as your own guide. This is not a friendship. This is a transmission. This is God empowering the beings that have chosen to be in this path. 

We have to honour the nature of who we are, in the uniqueness of our being. We have to let go of the old paradigm that secretly seeks without honouring what is exchanged. In a one to one connection, the exchange is barely ever even when two people exchange ideas. Where we are not giving for what it is given we create scarcity. Relationships are barely equal. Exchanges without clear exchange are barely equal. What is our fear to admit that when we look to speak with someone we look for receiving their unique gift in our lives, their wisdom and vision? What would happen if we would realise this? We know what we seek. The same way we make connections for the first time that feel like a synchronicity, conversations are too. How many times we call a friend because we need advice? When do we acknowledge the gift our our so called friend? Do they deserve a fair exchange? Do they deserve a shady count of friendship favours that no one keeps the count because that is also buying into comparing? We don't compare because that lowers us, and we don't exchange because we are afraid to admit what we are asking for. We are afraid of looking deep into what it would make out of us and what we would need to let go of to transcend it. 

---

Consider we are all busy CEOs, we would need to know clear intention for a call, inputs, outputs, and we would be very happy to pay for each other services as we honour the expertise of that person we are reaching or are reached for.

---

If this is a friendship and I feel like I am sharing what I have taken years to gather, and I am not interested in knowing what you have gathered, because that is something that is not aligned with what I am, then how is that a friendship? If you know how to tie shoes and that is something I know how to do, you expect to share that as an exchange for how to transform?

---

How can I empower myself enough so before having a call with someone I let them know what I feel in advance about the call? I am not here for a friendly conversation. I am not here to keep you as a friend. I am here as a mentor and guide, teaching what I know about who we are, where we are going, our nature and our gifts. I am a visionary. I share what I see. My close connections are people who understand this. My close connections are people who do the work. My close connections are the people who are willing to go deep. 

---

I am a CEO and my time is precious. I am a CEO and I take care of what comes in my field. Food, energies, people, environment, home tidiness.

I don't relate with energies that I know are not contributing to my life.

I don't invest my time and presence with energies that don't speak by themselves. I have to accept what I feel inside of myself when I connect with someone new. I am not everyone's teacher. I am not going to be liked sometimes. I am not everyone's kindergarden teacher. When someone is far away from my language, unless I see a clear reason to speak, I don't speak. 

It's not my fault I can recognise the people that are not ready for my teachings. I am not here to handhold everyone from where they are to where I am. Not personally. I can use them as examples of how I would teach masses. How I would write a manifesto of living in the new world paradigm. 

QUANTUM REBIRTH MANIFESTO

---

How can I hold so much love for everyone who is around me? How can I see everyone around me as an opportunity for growing? How can I open my heart to those who happen to be around me who may bring inspiration about how to teach the new world? How can I feel like it is not a waste of time or that will take the time I need to work on my path?

What is the right amount of investment I can put into the people around me when I don't fear their position will take away from me or reduce me to something that I judge as inferior in regards to my path?

How can I see that other's energies and position may be the inspiration I need to find the right message for my path?

How can I see others as source of wisdom instead of limitation, and how can I see that the fact they live with limitation would not allow them to have a wisdom in some aspects that is valuable for me?

---

not masturbating on my trance state vs listening what is going on for the other person, what is my fear of stopping?

---

taking responsibility for the space - leading the space — offering not only what I need and what the other needs, and the shape it is needed for both - not forcing one need in top of the other — the space is the merging between both and i can know all 3.

---

→ empowering myself means knowing what I am looking or not looking in a particular connection → letting go of the past and from what I used to be attached to ⇒ more connections the better → how can I decline a connection if I have based my life in having as many as possible? → I used to seek sex → what happens when I know who can be in my inner circle? What happens when I know who can reach out to me? → if there is no reason for me to receive someone because we began a message exchange as a part of me finding myself and now that I am found I take responsibility and I share from my heart what is there for me and end it → people i connected with I have nothing to relate with I shall not push my views in order for me to keep the connection alive ⇒ not to give my teachings to those who I am not interested in connecting with, unless they ask for teachings themselves or respond to my invitation when I empower myself through what I am able to share with anyone who I don't feel like is part of a inner circle, or friend I feel like sharing → not offering my time without a clear exchange or a clear sign of god that there is something for me there