# My Way

Description: Basis of the Syllabus
Column: November 23, 2021 6:05 AM
No: No
Yes: Yes

(I would like to share with you what I have gone through over the past 2 years.)

This is a statement of my identity and it feels like coming out of the closet.

For the past 2 years, I have been dedicated on getting to know myself deeply and becoming aware of all the places where I was not honest with myself.

What I discovered was an intertwined web of life experiences where I felt shamed, abandoned, sad, hurt, rejected, alone and afraid.

I discovered that childhood conditioning was real, that the dysfunctional educational system disempowers, that family trauma passes on from generation to generation and that there are behavioural dynamics in the socio-cultural environment that are quite harming.

I was devastated.

After the shock came the anger. I felt stuck, victim of my own suffering.

I began to recognise that I did not feel good at all and that did not know how to change it, that the story I was telling myself about myself wasn't matching the reality I was in, and that I felt powerless to the hurtful dynamics that kept repeating no matter who they were playing out with.

The anxiety, the relationship struggles, the unfulfilling friendships, the negative self-talk, the over-achieving or under-motivating career, the body shaming, the unhealthy eating disorders and the substance abuse. It all rooted in the way I had learnt to respond to the outside world.

Then, one of my most important revelations came when I realised I had a choice, to change what had happened to me and to everyone else. I understood that patterns like these occurred unknowingly and influenced us throughout society where we related to each other. My world shifted. It became a different place.

___________________________________________________________________________

The way we learn as humans is through observation and repetition. From a very young age we absorb and learn behaviours from our surroundings as we see it in others. We carry these limitations from generation to generation, teaching each other ancestrally, unconsciously,. The truth is, it was never about us.

We can choose to reclaim our untainted and un-programmed natural state of being by taking responsibility for what has happened to us and to be willing to respond differently.

When we do, we begin to have a greater sense of meaning, presence and integrity between what we think, what we speak, what we feel and how we act, and it feels uniquely different than we have ever felt before.

When you are aware, you act differently and accordingly in response to what you are. Life pivots itself into a totally different reality. And the best of all, change comes effortlessly. There is no effort in changing as there is no effort in being. A truly remarkable gift.

Once you see, there is no way back. It is like discovering sight and realising a whole new dimension around you. We discover a deeper level of aliveness that one can be, a new perception of what was unseen while we were blind. The transformation ripples instantly and it accelerates exponentially into all areas of our life, as we become lighter and clearer.

___________________________________________________________________________

For the past 4 years I have participated in more than 1000 hours in extensive and intensive training on integrative and therapeutic modalities such as Theta Healing, which I am an instructor of, Access Consciousness, and other practices such as kundalini yoga, breathwork, conscious relationships, meditation, energy and psychic awareness.

With the strong and structured logical thinking that I developed during my 8-year career as a software engineer, I felt the need to challenge the teachings I received with the most advanced scientific research on humankind.

During my journey from old traditions to modern new-age modalities I have faced the limitations and projections of different tools, techniques and modalities that I have worked with, leaving me unsatisfied. Some would only get me that far, and then they would not be able to get me any further. Some would disempower certain aspects of me or would remain too shallow into how to deal with certain situations. Some would take too long for me to be willing to go through it not knowing if I would ever be able to finish. For that reason, I had to continue to go back to the core of what I learnt and to feel within myself what did work, in what circumstances, where it didn't and what kind of challenges I was still facing.

I came to develop my own way, and a new modality was birthed through me.

Sometimes I've crashed hard and hurt myself, don't get me wrong. I've gone through very long periods of pull and push, try and error and falling and rising. There's been mistakes, realisations, tears, laughter, opening, surrendering, trusting and releasing. I've been there time and time again, learning about the intricacies and rising from my own ashes, for me to be able to transcend everything I had learnt.

___________________________________________________________________________

I have developed an awareness that allows me to feel the level of integrity of the statements you share about yourself. I perceive the intertwined limiting patterns that need unknotting for you to unleash your full potential.I can discern between the different aspects of you that are speaking. I can hear the truth of your heart or the projections that the ego-mind learnt.

When I speak, I speak to your subconscious, reprogramming the mind and dissolving the patterns that have been running unconsciously. This way, you change comes from a place of being instead of doing. I bring effortlessness into your process.

I will ask you the right questions to allow you to find the answer you've been looking for a very long time, allowing new awareness and information to flood into your mind as we speak. As I witness the truth of a situation and acknowledge the emotion you have felt, it is not needed anymore.

The language we use creates our own reality. It shapes the experience in any given moment. When we speak from a place of limitation, we use words that disempower us and not allow us to free ourselves. When we speak from a place of empowerment there is no room for doubt or fear.

Your body accumulates the experiences that have created the limitations in your psyche, and remain stored in you as they await to be witnessed and acknowledged by you. They await for you to realise the truth of the story that has kept you limited .

When you realise from which aspect you are living your life, the part of you that is not true naturally dissolves, as it's witnessed and acknowledged.

We often discredit the worth of going deep into releasing the conditioning as it is not a 'major issue' in our lives as we learn to resign from changing old aspects that have hurt us and others too much, or seem to be too complicated, so we learn to live with the pain of carrying it because we fear the pain of changing would be much greater. That is not true. Accumulating clear or subtle conditioning will penalise us on the long term. Subtle conditioning will infiltrate deeper into our lives and will make us more rigid on the long term.

Further than this. We attract situations that will resemble that which made us be stuck on the first place in order for us to be able to realise them, acknowledge them and release them.

As I have learnt to experience this process, it's not a burden or an obsession to transform, but a natural and innate ability we hold. So it is a matter of when to change, and not if to change. As long as we turn our backs to this innate ability of us, we will keep finding the same challenges over and over in similar situations and with different people.

So  In my experience, the sooner the easier, the better. It has a natural rhythm.

I act as a depressuriser, as you find the key of what happened and how a pattern was created, I become the pipeline in which the stuck energy leaves you.I feel the reprogramming occurring in these moments, It is a very undramatic way of transforming the energies that have been stuck for a long time.

When the energy has shifted, we naturally begin coming up from this state of energetic transference, having altered the unconscious parts of you, allowing you to act differently next time that you are in a similar situation.

And when we begin to change, it becomes exponential, because as we become familiar with the process of releasing we adapt and we integrate it .

I teach people how to realise this gift within themselves so they can integrate it in their daily lives, so they can stop adding to the baggage of conditioning that we keep finding in every day interactions that trigger the memory of our initial pain.

_______________________________________________________________________

I offer guidance in one to one sessions, where I create a safe space and a container where we explore the psyche, the conscious or unconscious behaviours, limiting patterns, blocks which prevent us to follow through our dreams, the aspects of us that still hold hurt, the underlying reasons for stress and anxiety, the keys to clear grief and depression, techniques to release anger, regret and resentment, and more tools to transform and integrate other unprocessed emotions.

My commitment is to walk people into a space of self sovereignty where they realise they have the choice to be anything they want to and take the responsibility to change.

I am very passionate about sharing this gift with as many people as possible, and because of that, I have created a unique discovery offer in order for us to connect.

- Single session - perfect to bring clarity, to breakthrough, release and bring peace into a long-term challenge still present in life. This is the best way to connect with each other if we have not worked together before.
- Three session package - set to release a deeply rooted behaviour or pattern. This is the best option to achieve a greater goal and create long lasting change.
- My 6-week cycle mentorship program is opening up for 5 new people. This is ideal for someone willing to put in the energy to become someone new, releasing the old and accepting what has happened in order to feel in flow, fulfilled and empowered. The mentorship program leads to my practitioner training. It includes meditation exercises and weekly follow up.
- The full-day intensive immersion is a highly transformational and personally tailored in-person or online experience where we work through the most relevant and sensitive topics such as heartbreak, feelings of powerlessness, frustration and other intense episodes of challenging emotions. I bring advanced energetic clearing practices to let go of as much of emotional stagnation as possible and to release old and deeply rooted multi-patterned aspects.

With me, there are no halfways. We go deep. We open up to deeper levels of trust, confidence, presence, flow, clarity, authenticity, vibrancy, and a sense of inner guidance and effortlessness into our life. There is no way back. The impact is subtle, clear and transcendental.

If you resonate anywhere with what I am speaking and feel interested, let's talk about it. Reach out. Ask me a question. Tell me about yourself. I am curious to know how you are doing.

i hear the energy of you talking to me for you

Jee

Read the stories of the others who have already journeyed with me [https://jee-ka.life/](https://jee-ka.life/)