# Bath to Being Reborn Into Love

Description: how we yearn for family love
No: No
Word Count: 1,110
Yes: Yes

Sis anys han passat, des que vaig marxar de casa.

Nou anys han passat des que vaig marxar de ma mare.

La calor ha tornat a dins meu. Ha despertat. El nen ha tornat finalment a dins seu. El noi ha finalment mirat alla on no semblaba que hi quedes res. Hi ha trobat or.

He despertat a la realitat que oculta ha estat sepultada durant tant de temps. El mal que mes mal feia. La realitat es que enyorava la familia. Cap familia em servia sense la meva. El meu cor tancat era durant tant de temps. Des que vaig arribar a la pubertat el meu cor es va tancar pel mal que feia. Pares que no m'entenien i el desengany de qui eren. 

There was a time when I was a child where the scrubs of the rest were laying on the ground. No one saw this coming but there it was. The young child had suffered massive loss, and the worse of all he didn't know it was. He yearnt for love anywhere he was. He tried from mother and so from father and so from sister, cousin and grandpas. No one knew how to love back then. Everyone was scared of loosing family so they pretended to love each other. He saw this was not true love so he embarked on a journey to find true love at the expense of loosing family. He didn't pretend like them so he went on this journey far from home. He never felt like coming back as he didn't feel the love and he didn't want to pretend. He found many people to whom he tried to love. He tried hard, so hard he became like those who he complained about. He couldn't love because he couldn't love himself. It took so long to love himself. And once he did love himself he had forgot he first yearned for the love of those who he left behind. 6 years took him to realise how much he cared about his family. How much he needed that love. Now he yearns to sleep back in the same bed with those ho made him. He yearns being back and recovering his sibling who grew alongside him. He couldn't love back then as his heart was closed. He needed the heart to be closed so he would embark on this journey of finding love in himself. The others don't do it so he had to do it. Now his journey is coming to an end. Now he knows what love is and knows he loves them. Now he dreams about the dream house so he can take them all there and celebrate live once again. He can't wait to see the little grow and to reconnect to everyone who he left. He missed so much the love and joy he felt as children. He first said it was the house, that the house was the reason why they separated. He just blamed everyone for everyone's mistake. He blamed them for taking his love away. In this family there's a recurrent repeating event, and that is the one of not loving thyself. He now knows how to love himself so he may return home and shine the light of love to himself, and enjoy the time passed with everyone else. He's missed so much. He's missed so much growth in the young children, young children like he was. 

He dreamt about the house. He saw the house. He went back to the house. He spoke with himself in that storm night he can remember. He was there and he was there. God was there. He knew. He always knew. He chose himself for an adventure. He's learnt so much. He knows so much. He loves so much. He loved so much he couldn't love more because it hurt so much. It hurt so much to see everyone's struggle and pretending and imperfection and he saw how perfect everything was but also how imperfect everyone was. People hurt each other.

Mother hurt him. He was so hurt by mother he run away from home. He run as far as he could go. He was so hurt he took on the same bread and gave it back to her. He made silence out of his acts. He fleed the country and never came back. He skipped her birthdays, he skipped the Christmas. He flew high on substances when he was there. He didn't want to be there because he felt everything had been taken away from him. He blamed as she blamed. He punished as she punished. He let himself down as she let herself down.

Now he's seen this. Now he listened to himself. Now he allowed himself to tell the truth about how he felt. He missed them so much and he acted in the only way he knew. He could not be there and pretend so he left to heal himself. His healing was not his own healing. His healing was learning to love. He searched for love anywhere he could. He drank the bottles, licked the papers, smoked the joints. He went down like his cousin did. They both had been harmed the same way. The other one remained. The other one chose to stay. He chose to pretend just like everyone else. Does he really love himself? Or does he pretend to love them first? Does he know of this? When one loves himself puts himself first. I have put myself first on everything I've done. I left and for 6 years wondered the change that would take me back to the same place. Now that I love myself I can't but go back to where I always was waiting to love and be loved. To shine that love that hadn't been there. This was his reason, long forgotten. When she broke his heart he closed down. He went to alcohol and drugs. He now was upset and decided to pretend to love no more.

There is so much that has happened since then. So much pain that has been moved around. From one break up to so many more hurts. From one hurt to so many, not knowing what to love oneself was.

All these worlds happen all at once. There are many time portals open at once. I see myself laying in that bed during the storm. I see myself playing under the bedsheets that made a castle. I see Solveig's home, my first true love.