# Ending of 2020

Description: to expand/ reiki
No: No
Word Count: 1,229
Yes: Yes

There's so much to what 2020 has been for me, probably the best year of my life, again. With its ups and downs, it's brought a lot of opportunities for tuning into myself and for not getting distracted with all the outer world. With most social places closed, even studios and climbing gyms, I haven't had the occasion to go out, which has led me to go in, completely.

This year I have opened totally and so exponentially all my psychic senses. I met Sera, my Reiki teacher, and learnt about the brainwave states we can be in meditation, and tasted Alpha and Theta with her. It was the first time I meditated and I left to meet another light being in another planet, relocated myself, got in contact with my guides, and felt unconditional love being poured inside of my heart. It was a marvellous experience.

I didn't enjoy Reiki per se, I felt it being quite boring just placing hands somewhere and hoping that something was happening, but obviously I was just starting to open my centres that way and I was not able to pick much. I was also not encouraged on how easy it was to start picking up, and making space for that to happen.

I never repeated those meditations a year after. For a month I kept revisiting the self Reiki as it became a way of meditating in bed in the morning, and kept revisiting my Psychic Workshop to speak and get guidance from the Guides. I then stopped when I became closely tied with Theta Healing. I believe that it might bring a good point to first do a certain meditation where there's a routine to get you somewhere to get answers.

One day, being home, bored, and knowing I would leave soon, I allowed myself to test how meditation and weed would go together after having spent long time in India and Nepal, and having had a stop from it during January at my parents.

What an experience. I smoked the TCH oil I had left from David and sat in meditation in my room. My mind became very active, and a lot of energies were moved that day. The most interesting thing that happened was that different fears and doubts were being pushed onto my conscious awareness and I felt I was able to love them and release them, becoming peaceful with what in the past was something limiting.

It was the first time I questioned what would happen if I would choose to believe in a world made of magic. What would happen to me if others would not agree with my idea. This is literally Theta Healing which I discovered afterwards. I nevertheless realised that if it was my life and I had to love myself first then I had the choice to choose what I believe in and just stick by it and be happy with it. So I let go of any fears about others would think or would reject me for my beliefs. They chose not to believe, which is a belief, or chose to belief in certain different more analytical ways, like believing in science. I chose to believe on a magical world over a non magical world.

I always wanted Final Fantasy to be real, and felt humans were boring in our current form, as we didn't have any strong physical capabilities like other animals, and we only had the mind to create forms that would give us more stress, making us live a live being ruled by others and becoming victims or powerless from who we could have been if a Final Fantasy Hero, which completely chooses its own path, and despite everyone saying or trying to pull down the Hero, it completes the mission and supports the development of others. I always felt I was that Hero. I wanted to live a magical life so badly that this was very important for me. Why would I choose non-magic belief over magic belief? Is it too sad to feel like society took my magic away for so long, and guilty that I actually let it happen? This sounds more towards being resentful towards myself than everything else. So if I could love myself enough and be okay to recover magic at 30 years old, I would.

I randomly found this lady in Linkedin that was called Idia, and began discussing potential working partnership with her and her company Tinto.

Something changed that day. I believed in something and did not fear others. I loved myself. I was honest with who I wanted to be and what I wanted to do. I felt powerful waves of energy thru my body whilst on that meditation, and connected to old parts of me I had been not connected to. I opened my heart, I told myself I loved myself and when I did I felt this powerful ball of light on my chest. And I kept releasing fears and doubts towards this new becoming. I was on ecstasy laying down and just felt these currents of electricity on my back.

I came across a beautiful girl in London, which I spoke with during the cool down in bouldering. The energy flew so much between both of us, so quickly. She was openly hearted and so she didn't feel awkward spending close time with me or sudden time with me. We kept meeting for climbing and hanging out everyday for the following 10 days, knowing from the very beginning that she would leave with her boyfriend to Costa Rica.

Then we got really close, and began also with intimate touch, hugging and just being nice to each other, talking really close from each other's face, pulling each other thru the rope attached to our harness, and meeting for rejoicing on our magical connection.

I was in love. And I was so okay not having her sexually. I was so fulfilled by having had such intimacy being together that I didn't need anything else from her. I knew she felt I was magic, I knew she felt attracted to me, I knew she felt there was more to it than just friendship, that there was something deep. 

That was the most romantic experience I had in recent times that didn't need to be mixed with sex. That was the most beautiful non sexual relations I have had. 

She felt guilty as she didn't understand what she was feeling and if that had to effect somehow her current relationship. She even gave me a light kiss on the last day, as she couldn't hold up on our eye gazing. She was lovely. Our hugs were lovely.

I loved her. I felt quite heartbroken for some time. And I realised I liked being heart broken. I enjoyed rejoicing on the pain, as it felt like that way it had been real. I played song after song and thought of her. 

When I realised I was probably pulling and projecting negative energy towards her, I decided to consciously put a stop on the yearning. I was creating the pain by focusing on it. I could also just hold to the idea she had loved me without me having to feel the despair. Pure Theta Healing. LOL