# Start Of 2021

No: No
Word Count: 318
Yes: No

2021 will be my best year ever! And that will be because I will completely and utterly step up into my divine purpose and divine soul mission. I am going to channel with writing and speaking, consciously.

I am moving to a new country I have not lived before. Mexico will be waiting for me if aligned. I will live in Berlin for a few months so I can set up my business properly and specially spread my doings in the city of Berlin and the German people. This way I will expand my offerings around Berlin which will spread the results around quite dramatically and will become fully booked quite early on.

There are few things that I have my horizon set towards in this year:

- Channeling with voice and also automatic writing, at will.
    - This will contribute on figuring out exactly what I would teach people that want to reach transformation into magic.
- Setting up and having a fully booked healing clinic
- Delivering a mobile app for booking healings
- Beginning to work on an online platform that delivers the spiritual teachings that people most need today. For the spiritual that is becoming aware of wanting something more in life, how to become that and be able to follow a step by step guide that will allow them to awaken to the most important spiritual teachings.
- I am going to have a routine, finally! A Healthy one. Spiritual and Emotional and Physical, everyday will be a beautiful balance of these energies so I remain centred and focused, away from the Collective Consciousness. I will become fitter, more muscle, go back to climbing, do some yoga, do plenty of affirmations and clearings and scans.
- I am going to be working on some sort of game that delivers spiritual content so all ages can learn with something fun and different from every spiritual stuff that has ever existed :D