# EVENTS - April

Theme - Rising 

### @Nina Moore

Name of Event (make it appealing): kundalini yoga for creatives 

Description (3/4 lines): practice powerful meditations to reboost your creative flow and your connection with your soul. Move energy and receive inspiration from source 🤍

Best suited for: individuals looking to engage into embodiment and somatic practices, are open to spiritual experiences and are looking to connect with their creative force

Date and Time: wed 6pm 

Name of Event (make it appealing): heart to heart 

Description (3/4 lines): A space dedicated to support Sacred Union & paradigm shift in relating ❤️‍🔥meet with other couples to share challenges, inspiration and receive guidance 

Best suited for: individuals in a relationship that are facing breakdowns  or breakthroughs and looking to navigate better their relationships 

Date and Time: Friday  5pm 

### @Astral

Name of Event (make it appealing): 

Description (3/4 lines):

Best suited for:

Date and Time: 

### @Natasha Ninni

## Title: **CLOSER TO TRUTH**

Short description: 

In this container, your perceptions are been freed from all conditionings preventing you from seeing the truth, believing in yourself and trusting the Universe. Every week, you have the opportunity to cleanse a notion that has a big impact on your everyday life, setting you more and more free.

Description:

INTRO

In Closer to Truth, Natasha guides you to connect with your subconscious perceptions, in order to free them from outdated emotions, traumatising experiences or limiting beliefs. This practice is based on the idea that Truth is pure consciousness and therefore pure love and potentiality. Seeing the truth allows you to go beyond your limitations, therefore to be more loving of yourself and one another.

WHAT

In a state between meditation and hypnosis, and with the intention to see the Truth, it is through visions, thoughts, sensations, that all conditionings preventing you from thriving will be brought to light and be freed. 

Through loving presence, conscious breath, EFT and affirmations, and thanks to your body’s natural capacity to self regulate, you will be guided through emotional releases all the way to a peaceful state. 

WHO

This event is for you if :
You would like to meditate more and be more in touch with your subconscious self

You feel limited and constricted by your perception of yourself or by the world around you

You would like to have a regular cleansing practice to actualise yourself, releasing past experiences and outdated emotions.

Let yourself be surprised by what changes presence and intention can bring! 

WHEN

April, Wednesday 3rd 19:00 - 20:30

April, Wedneday 17th 19:00 - 20:30

## **Title: CHAKRA GUARDIANS**

Short description:

Every two weeks, join us for a colorful adventure through the chakra system, and meet the spirit animal whose medicine would benefit you the most to activate, reenergise and heal each one of your main energetical centers. 

Description:

INTRO

The language of the subconscious mind is one of images and symbolism. Just like a dream, a guided vision quest allows deep and powerful changes within your psyche. We are working with the symbolism of the 7 main chakras and the animal reign, put together for a meaningful healing of your whole system throughout the weeks.

WHAT & HOW

This is a guided meditation. We start with a quick sharing circle for everyone to deliver what’s present. Then we enter a relaxed meditative state, and we start the journey all the way through the heart of a specific chakra. There, we summon the animal that is willing to share with us its medicine, its strengths and qualities, those that would best serve us in activating, balancing and healing the chosen chakra. After getting familiar with it, we give thanks to the spirit animal and we come back to our senses. After a few moments of recentering, we end the session with another sharing circle, to help integrating the experience.

WHO

This is for you if:

You appreciate stories and images, travel to fantastic worlds

You want to focus on your chakra system and maybe learn more about each chakra center

You want to feel supported and tap in the strengths and qualities that are already within you

You want to learn to interact with parts of yourself through the shape of symbolic beings

WHEN

April, Thursday 11th 19:00 - 20:30

April, Monday 22nd 19:00 - 20:30

### @Karlyn Sovied

### Title: MOONLIGHT GLOW - New/Full Moon Ceremonies

**Short description:** 

Twice a month, join us for our New & Full Moon Ceremonies where we unite in the power of collective intention, voice our dreams into existence, breathe the cosmic rhythm, and harness the magnetic magic of the moon. These ceremonies combine transformative practices like heart circle, breathwork, shamanic journey and singing to weave you into the vastness of your inner cosmos. 

**Description**

**INTRO / WHAT / HOW**

Experience the transformative power of collective intention during our New Moon Ceremony. As we welcome the new lunar cycle, we gather to embrace new beginnings, plant seeds of intentions, and harmonize our energies with the universe.

Our ceremony offers a sacred space for you to align with the moon's rejuvenating energies and attune your personal rhythm to the natural ebb and flow of the cosmos. 

After sharing intentions and voicing our dreams into existence, we dive into the potent practices of breathwork, dissolving the clutter of your mind and energetic field, allowing for an unobstructed channel between you and your deepest self.

Following breathwork, we transition into meditation, merging with stillness and clarity, a space to listen deeply, reconnect with your intuitive self, and anchor your intentions through magic manifestation.

Come, harness the magnetic energy of the new moon with us, illuminating your path and stepping boldly into the fresh possibilities that await.

**WHO**

Best suited for: Individuals seeking to connect and share with the community, experience transformative embodiment and somatic practices and manifest their dreams.

**WHEN**

Date and Time: Once a month on Tuesdays - 7 PM - 8:30 PM

FOR APRIL: 

New Moon Tuesday 9th 

Full Moon Tuesday 23rd

**Short bio of the facilitator** (if different from your main short bio):

**Title:** **WAKE-UP WHIRL**

**Short description:**

Experience a revitalizing Saturday wake-up like no other with our bi-monthly online sessions. This dynamic program combines breathwork, movement, tapping, releasing, and the liberating power of a good scream. Expect a fun, powerful, and speedy routine designed to kick-start your day, spark transformation, and elevate your spirits.

**INTRO / WHAT / HOW**

Experience a revitalizing Saturday wake-up like no other with our bi-monthly online sessions. This dynamic program combines breathwork, movement, tapping, releasing, and the liberating power of a good scream.

Through a variety of guided practices, you’ll learn to breathe deep and cleanse your lungs, release stress and anxiety and regulate your nervous system.

This invigorating experience incorporates the essence of free movement, shaking and voicing, encouraging freedom of expression as a way for emotional liberation.

This is not just a routine — it's a potent kick-start to your day, designed to spark transformation and uplift your spirit, harvest emotional harmony and stability, and provide a fun, potent morning ritual that guides you back to your hearts, and reconnects you with your innate joy and vitality.

**WHO**

Best suited for: Individuals eager to ignite their mornings with a burst of transformative energy, learn to release stress and anxiety and regulate their nervous system, and celebrate the joy and power of awakening routines.

**WHEN**

Date and Time: Bi-weekly on Saturdays - 9:00 AM - 9:30 AM

FOR APRIL: starting Saturday 20th 

Short bio of the facilitator (if different from your main short bio)

**JOURNEY TO WHOLENESS - INTEGRATION CIRCLE**

**Short description:**
Our monthly online Integration Circles provide a safe, nurturing container for those seeking to navigate, comprehend and incorporate teachings from profound life transitions or emotional crises. 
**INTRO**
Our monthly online Integration Circles provide a safe, nurturing container for those seeking to navigate, comprehend and incorporate teachings from profound life transitions or emotional crises. 
**WHAT TO EXPECT**
Guided by compassionate dialogue, integration tools, mindfulness and quantum healing techniques, you'll acquire deeper comprehension of your experiences, emotions, and revelations. You'll uncover effective techniques to navigate emotional challenges and integrate the lessons and growth from these experiences into your daily life.

We create a healing space where personal growth is nurtured, and the wisdom gained from significant experiences is embodied and embraced.

You can expect thoughtful discussions, shared wisdom, personal stories, guided quantum healing meditation and a community of free spirits in service of supporting your personal and spiritual growth. 

**WHO**
Best suited for: Individuals who have experienced life-changing events or are navigating major life transitions and are seeking a space to understand, integrate, and embody the teachings and wisdom gained from these experiences.

**WHEN**

Date and Time: Once a month on Tuesdays - 7 PM - 8 PM

FOR APRIL: Tuesday 16th

Short bio of the facilitator (if different from your main short bio)

### @Alina Rösken

Name of Event (make it appealing): **TICKET TO FREEDOM**

Description (3/4 lines): Join engaging group workshops designed for personal growth, creativity, and inspiration. These sessions address the lack of inspiration, disconnection from personal creativity, and the need for community. Participants leave with a renewed sense of purpose, inspiration, and a deeper connection with their creative side.

Best Suited For: Individuals seeking personal growth, creativity, and community in a short, impactful format.

Date and Time: Thursdays 7-8pm

@Alexa Ele 

Name of Event (make it appealing): Guided Souljourney

Description (3/4 lines): Are you feeling disconnected from yourself, overwhelmed by the demands of daily life? It's time to reclaim your sense of inner peace and harmony. Join us for a transformative guided meditation experience focused on deep reconnection with yourself.

Date and Time: Every Monday 7-8pm