# My Gift

Column: November 20, 2021 6:30 AM
No: No
Yes: No

With the strong and structured logical thinking that I developed during my 8-year career as a software engineer, I felt the need to challenge the teachings I received with the most advanced scientific research on humankind.

During my journey from old traditions to modern new-age modalities I have faced the limitations and projections of different tools, techniques and modalities that I have worked with, leaving me unsatisfied. Some would only get me that far, and then they would not be able to get me any further. Some would disempower certain aspects of me or would remain too shallow into how to deal with certain situations. Some would take too long for me to be willing to go through it not knowing if I would ever be able to finish. For that reason, I had to continue to go back to the core of what I learnt and to feel within myself what did work, in what circumstances, where it didn't and what kind of challenges I was still facing. 

Through long and intense periods of self-discipline and self-observation, 

# 2

My gift is discerning between the true self and the ego mind. From here I guide you to realise this within yourself. When you realise from which aspect you are living your life, the part of you that is not true self naturally dissolves, as it's witnessed and acknowledged. 

Your pain awaits to be acknowledged and felt by you. 

I teach people how to realise this within themselves so they can integrate it in their daily lives, so they can stop adding to the baggage of conditioning that we keep finding in every day interactions that trigger the memory of our initial pain.

Short term solvency allows us to rearrange ourselves vs long term  solvency creates deep damaging imbalances.

As I have learnt to experience this, it's not a burden or an obsession to transform, but a natural and innate ability we hold. It's about when we choose to change instead of if to change. In my experience, the sooner the easier, the better. It has a natural rhythm. 

So it is a matter of when to change, and not if to change. As long as we turn our backs to this innate ability of us, we will keep finding the same challenges over and over in similar situations and with different people.

And when we begin to change, it becomes exponential, because as we become familiar with the process of releasing we adapt and we integrate it into a more effortless process. ITS INNATE GODDAMMIT JUST LIKE BREATHING BEEN FORGOTTEN ACCEPT IT BE IT

In this state of presence, I ask the right questions to guide you into a state of presence where the acknowledgment of the initial was created.

I act as a depressuriser, as you find the key of what happened and how a pattern was created, I become the pipeline in which the stuck energy leaves you.

I feel the reprogramming occurring in these moments, (the repatterning and the ripples that move around your pattern system.)

I have developed an awareness that allows me to feel the level of integrity of the statements you share about yourself. I perceive the intertwined limiting patterns that need unknotting in order for you to unleash your full potential. 

It is like I can discern between the different aspects of you that are speaking. I can hear the truth of your heart or the projections that the ego-mind learnt.

When I speak, I speak to your subconscious, reprogramming the mind and dissolving the patterns that have been running unconsciously. This way, you change comes from a place of being instead of doing. I bring effortlessness into your process.

—CLOSING—

You begin to experience the ripples of the transformation without doing more than having a conversation.

It is a very undramatic way of transforming the energies that have been stuck for a long time.

When the energy has shifted, we naturally begin coming up from this state of energetic transference, having altered the unconscious parts of you, allowing you to act differently next time that you are in a similar situation. 

# 1

The language we use creates our own reality. It shapes our experience in any given moment. When we speak from a place of limitation we use words that disempower us and not allow us to free ourselves. When we speak from a place of empowerment there is no room for doubt or fear.

We do this in an unconscious survival way. We build walls to protect ourselves from that which has hurt us on the past. We do it from a survival point of view, to discern from what animals to run away from (scientifically). Nowadays, we keep using this same evolutionary system as a means to relate with each other. When we are hurt as we are young, we close up, and most of the times we are not encouraged to fully feel and express what we go through, as many of these feelings and emotions are depreciated and discredited (discarded, devalued, discouraged). 

This is because it is threatening to feel. So when we have forced someone to open to our feelings it is threatening for them to realise they have not felt for their whole lives, which causes them to close down and force us out of our feelings to keep themselves safe. they are scared to see that within themselves. Boy's don't cry, anger is unacceptable, don't speak this way, don't be so emotional, be good daddy's girl. Now, there are extreme ways to condition a child and there are subtle ways. We are focusing on full potential. We often discredit the worth of going deep into releasing the conditioning as it is not a 'major issue' in our lives as we learn to resign from changing old aspects that have hurt us and others too much, or seem to be too complicated, so we learn to live with the pain of carrying it because we fear the pain of changing would be much greater. That is not true. Accumulating clear or subtle conditioning will penalise us on the long term. Subtle conditioning will infiltrate deeper into our lives and will make us more rigid on the long term. 

Further than this. We attract situations that will resemble that which made us be stuck on the first place in order for us to be able to realise them, acknowledge them and release them. 

The created aspects of ourselves are created to protect us from feeling hurt again. Because of not having been taught to acknowledge, feel and express our emotions, we have to dissassociate the part that can't express itself into our mind.

It's like as if with my state of meditative presence, at the moment when you access the places where the initial wound was created, the energetic imprints rewrite themselves to those of a higher vibration, allowing the emotions to free themselves and unlock new choices and possibilities into your life. 

I will ask you the right questions to allow you to find the answer you've been looking for a very long time, allowing new awareness and information to flood into your mind as we speak. As I witness the truth of a situation and acknowledge the emotion you have felt, it is not needed anymore.