# Training Recap

No: No
Yes: No

I have attended 13 Theta Healing trainings, 6 of them encompass 30 days of me as a student. 8 days made me a practitioner, 2 days for expertese in manifestation, 15 days to study Intuitive Anatomy, which was a life transformative experience, and 5 for the mastery of DNA3.

I have assited my teaches 4 times, on trainings that make people a practitioner, that's 10 days assisting students. 

And recently I have attended the online training for instructors, with Vianna, the creator of Theta Healing. That's been a massive upgrade into my perception of reality and myself, and it's been 9 days of journey.

That makes a total of 49 days of official Theta Healing Trainining. That means that each day I participated I gave and received at least one healing, and up to 4 at any one day. I have done 1000s of intuitive readings on other students and shared what I saw, sensed or heard in the subtle dimensions. I have provided breakthroughs to a number of students in those sessions. I have managed to shift around 30 beliefs in one go, and have done that a number of times. I have had cathartic experiences since day 2 in my journey in Theta Healing. Where the energies were so strongly that my whole body shaked intensely. I have had strong kundalini awakenings during classes and outside classes. I am quite used to the current up my spine and the body moving on its own, shaking and releasing the energies as needed. In class, I have screamed, got very upset, got very blissful, left the body and gone unconscious.