# Nina

Nina is a Kundalini and Hatha yoga teacher. She is leading dance journeys and channeling activations through body mudras. She is a transformational mentor, guiding you to realize yourself by expanding your consciousness. As a therapist, Nina is diving into the depths of your psyche to allow the shadows to be lit. She is speaking the words that will activate your higher potential as an invitation for you to become what you are meant to be. Nina is holding spaces of self-alchemy, creating ceremonies where she invites the contribution of Sacred Mushrooms as an heart opener and mind-shifter."

"Nina is a shapeshifter who believes in the fluidity of being. She offers an experience of deep reconnection with your truth, your unshakable center and what you are beyond the patterns with reprogramming tools such as Theta healing and Access consciousness. Nina trusts and shares the intelligence of the body, using touch and movement to allow somatic experiences and raise the Kundalini energy.  

In her healing sessions Nina welcomes and allows everything that you are with a spacious presence, so you can move through the judgements and constructs, witnessing your own perfection. Becoming a mirror that reflects the divinity that you embody, she is guiding you towards the unfolding of your gift. Working with the quantum field she is recalibrating your future by activating an infinity of possibilities.

I AM 

I am  a transformational mentor guiding you to realize 
yourself by expanding your consciousness.  

As a therapist, I am diving into the
 depths of your psyche to allow the shadows to be lit, speaking 
the words that will activate your higher potential as an invitation for 
you to become what you are meant to be. 
I am a shapeshifter who believes in the fluidity of being. i am offering an 
experience of deep reconnection with your truth, your unshakable center 
and what you are beyond the patterns with reprogramming tools such as 
Theta healing and Access consciousness. As a yoga teacher and massage therapist I trust and share the intelligence of the body, using touch and movement to allow somatic 
experiences and raise the Kundalini energy.

During my healing sessions I welcome and allow everything that you are with a 
spacious presence, so you can move through the judgements and 
constructs, witnessing your own perfection. Becoming a mirror that 
reflects the divinity that you embody, I am guiding you towards the 
unfolding of your gift. Working with the quantum field, I am is 
recalibrating your future by activating an infinity of possibilities.

My journey started with a first kundalini awakening that made me loose the sense of identity. All what I thought I could hold on collapsed to reveal the illusion of reality. Lost in a maze, with no guidance, I had to turn self-destruction into healing. Becoming One was a roller coaster of emotions and I started a deep shadow work. While embodying archetypes I began channeling messages from other dimensions. Art became my therapy and I discovered the power of Love as an energy - the leading force of the Cosmos. Guided by grace in a state of flow, I entered the world of synchronicities and my nomadic life led me to the jungle of Colombia where, with the contribution of Ayahuasca, I faced the Infinity of my being and got the keys of Freedom. I was able to make sense of my existence and to let go of deeply rooted generational patterns such as addiction and obsessive behaviours. I understood that I needed to be able to integrate fully the transformation through a committed lifestyle. Yoga was the first tool that I fully embraced. Living in various ashram in India I realized the power of discipline and the fascinatingly intricated relation body-spirit. Yoga showed me how to  raise and hold the energy with a balanced state of being. Moving my  bodies through intuitive movement allowed me to unlock stored cellular trauma and approach the state of Guidance : becoming a part of the Whole, letting go of control and thinking mind. The body as a kingdom, as a pristine and mysterious land that had hidden treasures to be revealed showed me the way to Consciousness.  Becoming fascinated by the sacredness of life and how to embody fully presence to bring the light down to earth, with clarity, grace and simplicity, I stepped into a Quantum reality and aligned myself with my higher purpose, surrendering to cosmic intelligence to show me the way. 

What do I bring ? 

SELF MASTERY

State of flow / Grace / Synchrony

re alignment : Spirit / Body  : embodiment 

                         You/ the universe 

Becoming Flowy // Fluidity of the Being 

Becoming your Own Master 

How do I work ? 

Relationship between Body and Spirit 

Becoming divine 

Ascending 

letting go of the story 

becoming infinite 

choosing who you want to be 

liberating each other 

Kundalini Rising 

Relationships

Intimacy 

expectations 

projections 

how you can help the other becoming more fluid

Heartbreaks as openings // Kundalini awakenings

Arts 

One to one 

spirit

body

Mentorship 

living in flow 

Kundalini offers :

40 days sadhana 

Self Mastery mentorship

TWO MONTHS ONGOING SUPPORT 

A JOURNEY OF SELF REALISATION 

DISCOVER THE WISDOM WITHIN 

BECOME YOUR OWN TEACHER AND GUIDE 

About my mentorship :

I am here to hold you through the process of becoming a fully embodied awakened being. 

The path toward yourself requires dedication to face the truth and the shadows and being supported is allowing you to thrive.  

With each session you let go of your traumas, rewrite your story and understand that you are the one choosing who you want to be . You realign Spirit and Body, feel the multidimensionality of your being and step with courage and joy into a life that is resonating with your wildest dreams.

You become completely fluid, surfing the waves of your emotions and dropping the fears that are holding you back . This fluidity of being is allowing you to reinvent yourself and your reality at each and every moment, giving you complete freedom, limitless amount of energy and a deep loving understanding of what you are . Being witnessed in your transformation is very rewarding and ultimately, being seen in your vulnerability is the one thing that is going to allow you to access your True power . 

While you are giving birth to yourself, I am bringing tools and openings for you to tap into your most expanded self and stretch your consciousness beyond your limiting beliefs. becoming fully you, you embrace your life mission and start to live in flow, accessing a state of grace and synchrony. 

How does it work ? 

The mentorship is an ongoing support of minimum two month with weekly or be wekly sessions with me   . 

It also includes a follow up with meditations and self - developpement tools . 

A typical session is built around an heart to heart conversation where you bring a challenge that you are facing, a difficulty that you want to overcome, a pattern that you are dedicated to rewire or any other limitations that are keeping you from moving forward in life . 

Through a set of therapeutic tools and expanding questions , i am guiding you to your core to contribute to the revelation of your truth. Bringing light to subconscious patterns, we rewire the neuropathways for you to be able  to take transformative actions in your life . 

WHAT TO EXPECT 

You are facing challenges, you are ready to grow, to become radically who you are?

 you just awakened and you are looking for support on your journey of becoming ? 

You are in a period of radical transformation, you are dreaming of a different life, you are looking for tools to catalyse your empowerment ? 

Expect a life-changing encounter with your innate power, remembering who you really are and what is your life path. recconect with the juiciness of life, welcome miracles and become unapologetically YOU. 

Consciousness activation 

A ONE HOUR TRANSFORMATIONAL EXPERIENCE 

LISTEN TO YOUR HIGHER TRUTH 

REALIGN YOURSELF 

UNLOCK YOUR DREAMLIFE 

About my one on one sessions 

Enter a space of deep reconnection allowing you to find back a full alignement with your being and feel the gift of pure presence . 

Through Channelling and by entering the unified field of consciousness we access your highest self. That its allowing you to communicate with the awaken version of you to receive the messages that you are needing to step up in your life and become who you truly are . 

Finding clarity, you transform your reality, gain confidence, clear your relationships, discover your life path and actualize whats alive for you . 

Ready to let go of self - limitations and become an infinite stream of creativity ? 

How does it work ? 

The consciousness activation is an hour journey in the fabulous maze of your psyche . 

A typical session is build around an heart to heart conversation or a full stream of consciousness. 

The channeling is adapted to the transformation that is requested . Using tools that are going to bring you in a theta state of consciousness, we are awakening Kundalini energy, raising the ultimate life force energy, the source of your creative power and activate your spiritual self. 

Its a radical way to re program your behaviour by embracing the complexity and the richness of You, getting rid of the judgements you have towards yourself and the expectations and projections that are keeping you from shining fully. 

In person 

I am offering the activation along with bodywork . Using acupressure and gentle touch, soundhealing, vibrational acuponcture and body whispering, i allow the energy to rise and travel as your cells are being rejuvenated by healing light. Its a somatic experience where you enter a state a very deep relaxation and surrendering, allowing burried emotions to come up and to be released . 

You are willing to discover more about 

Kundalini Rising 

with a Sadhana of 40 days with the transformational Kundalini yoga practice 

Strenghten your Soul, Reshape your Body, embrace your destiny  

RESHAPE YOUR BODY 

EMBRACE YOUR DESTINY 

About my kundalini Yoga program 

Through the transformative practice of Kundalini yoga I am guiding you to discover the incredible benefits of a physical and spiritual practice . Tuning into the power of discipline, you observe the re shaping of your physical body as a reflection of your inner harmony.  Your will power increases dramatically as you reenforce your nervous system . You become stress free, dynamic and ready to face all the challenges that you meet in your daily life . bringing a sense of absolute determination , you are carving yourself to become your most thriving version  . 

You are learning how to hold on through effort and when to rest and reset, you connect to the power of the breath in relationship with emotions. Discovering an infinite source of energy within yourself, you become highly creative, able to listen to your inner truth , you feel guided and supported in the unfolding of your gifts. 

How does it work? 

The Kundalini Rising program is a 40 days commitment where you will experience the benefits of Sadhana - A daily routine -

Doing the same practice for 40 days allows the effects  to become an integrated part of yourself and dissolve the old patterns.  .

The program includes a 1 hour recorded video tailored for your particular needs, including a Krya (physical practice) and a transformational Meditation to be practiced every day . 

I also offer you 2 one on one live classes and a weekly follow up to keep up with your determination . 

Are you ready to embrace your true power ? Can you already fall in love with the way you're feeling in your body ?