# Weekly Call on @December 13, 2023

Date: December 13, 2023
Type: Weekly
Atendees: Astral, Natasha Ninni, Alexa Ele, Alina Rösken, Nina Moore, Karlyn Sovied
Created time: December 13, 2023 10:20 AM

# Intention / Direction

Homework checking 

Organisation adjustments 

Energy healing

# Notes

Grounding meditation

Sharing where we are right now energetically, emotionally 

Alexa : still in pain but more grounded. feeling vulnerable, like she’s died, and can advance only one day after the other. 

Nina : feeling great, rested, synchronise her nervous system with baby ⇒ less stress, more ease. 

Jordi : loves co-creating, you plant a seed and others water it. 

Natasha : feels like these meetings are a huge part of her balance, it’s important for her to be here

Ally : the groups sets her on fire. The support felt amazing, feels good to feel love

Homework checking

Nina

- zone of expertise ⇒ always been holding space for her friends. See through people, see their potential, good at giving advice and direction, more coach than therapist (doesn’t ask questions). She sees the right choices for people to take. Sees the alignment. Sees opportunities and good at supporting projects and pushing them forward.
- 12 months from now ⇒ training, financially independent, a planning rolling, something steady going on. Living closeby to people that feel like family, we can support and inspire each other, like that space. Having structure, other places to move to, offer things there. Inner Ascend, a team to host everything she’s doing. Bringing everything together. Togetherness is at the center of her vision. Practices, community that is physical and online. Energetically helping each other to thrive. Co-creating is thriving. Sharing is generating.

Ally 

- 12 months from now ⇒ cottage, community, village, co-creating, generating energy that radiates outwards, sharing stuff with everyone. weekly cooking nights, fire garden, vision board nights. feminine movement, transformative experiences for many other women to go through their own initiation. Ritual based. Empowerment, rawness, emotions in their purest form, rage. Workshops and retreats.
- zone of expertise ⇒ depending on her cycle. Expert of creating a life of authentic expression, allowing their wild goody side coming out. Handing out ticket to freedom. Wants to look more into masculinity. 
Find a way to be more of gratitude and service.
- Feeling in her heart and solar plexus, felt super constricted, therefore wants to free women and inner children. Transform shame and hurt into good.

 Alexa 

- 12 months from now ⇒ Trusting herself, trusting that she’ll be able to make good decisions and follow her intuition. How ? more energy in her body, the more she lets go of what everybody else tell her to do, the more she drops in her body, the more she trusts. Inner feeling of moving from head to heart and below. Feel more clear when she looks at herself. Look more and more like her, choices of dressing, eating, living… A decision that brings you into your body and your trust.
- Often fell in this phase where she has no vision on the future.
- Release the pressure of having to make it happen. Entering the playful way of her, right now, would like to see happening?

Natasha

- really embody my truth
- trust myself more, need to feel more safe
- wish to overcome the blockage in the root chakra
- need to regulate my nervous system more, so I can handle more fear, so I can overcome it
- to embody more of my truth
- fear in commitment to be left alone, or also lose myself in the commitment - so I made the decision to marry myself - chosing myself
- area of expertise ⇒ expert in myself. being committed to myself asks me to be more and more me and overcome any obstacle

Would be interesting to share what we percieve of each other in the expertise field. “What I see you are good at” and write it in notion. Sometimes it’s difficult for us to see ourselves.

At the end of the calls we could talk about the next things to do for next week.

Channel the expertise for others could be part of homework? 

# Meeting Summary

- Jordi:
- Ally:
- Natasha:
- Karlyn:
- Alexa:
- Nina:
- Collective Challenges:

# Homework

Would be interesting to share what we percieve of each other in the expertise field. “What I see you are good at”

# Questions

- Is the retrospective the best way possible? Should it be in different pages? Should they be different table elements? Should many of these different items be different items of the table?
- Homework, how best to deliver? Should we accumulate in our own page? Should we share homework like we do in the points? Each adding their points there? So we see each’s weeks homeworks all together in one same place (eg inspiration)?
    - I like adding it here on the page in the homework thing
- How can we best take action from the Retrospective items?
- Should we agree to a particular daily time to meditate ‘together’?
- should we have someone responsible to look at the meeting file later and make sure that retros-questions-accountability-actions are getting picked and actions taken? the one leading the meeting?

# Retrospective

- 🙌 What went well
- 🌱 What needs improvement
    - @Astral — Maybe the homework should be filled in the same page for everyone instead of individual pages? Or have a homework page for each person?
- 💡 Ideas for what to do differently
    - @Astral — Coworking in homework? Specific repeating date? Improvised?
- 💡 Accountability / Support
    - @Nina Moore  — Accountability in mirroring each others for expertese

# Action Steps

- [x]  @Alina Rösken - next action steps for next week
- [ ]  @Nina Moore - Make something about Accountability - mirroring each others exercise (for expertese, etc, specific support)
- [ ]  @Natasha Ninni - Reminder for homework - reminder for coworking - if someone wants to join or schedule a time

# Other

- @Astral — we were told it was stupid to believe in ourselves - that our dreams were pointless - that we wouldn’t be able -
- @Astral — unpack - what is shame?
- @Astral — Release punishment
- @Astral — Fear of joy - having fun
- @Astral — Fear of commitment
- @Astral — Fear of success
- @Astral — Fear of receiving
- fear of not belonging