# Start Series

# Series

- 1st Video
    - Intro about me
    - What is the series about and the next episodes
    - Who am I creating content for
    - Why is it good for them to watch
    - What results can they expect in life if they watch it
    - Who might this be interesting for
    - Energy explanation
- 2nd Video
    - Children's Truth about the universe.
    - The mage within
    - Archetypes
    - ukulele song about the subconscious and how we learn as kids, conditioning
- 3rd Video
    - Puberty, creative energy, sexual energy, kundalini awakening, psychic centers, chakras, energy clearing to open up these energies
    - Story about school time, poetry, creativity, expression, emotional intelligence
    
- 4th Video
    
    University time, life purpose, society distortions, money relationship, traveling, first time free, what to do with it. Delusion for the world. Mathematics and the universe, how science is meeting spirituality, quantum physics,
    
- 5th Video
    
    Morality, enlightenment, pace of life now vs monk times, how much we can learn now. world of opportunities. co creation, the creator within, energy clearing our true nature, 
    
- 6th Video
    
    Man and woman, equality, acceptance, first yoga sutras, androgen beings, not being good enough, first teaching of love, eg a story of self sabotage because of lack of love
    

# Idea

- 6 video series. From cockroach to butterfly. What to do with it. Connect with people that get you.
- Open community
- Do something different and creative in each video to test how audience receives what I talk about, get feedback and see how to move forward (eg: ukulele lesson, explanation lesson, Q/A lesson, channeling lesson
- Talk about different stages, open heart, not being alone, show them examples with stories, dream world, power of mind, truth of who we are, small energy clearing to discover they are more, they do this work, timelines

# Brainstorming

- What content would I want my cousins to receive?
- There is so much spiritual content, how to move around it. How to choose what is best next.
- How to apply simple concepts for modern living
- Card pulls
- Q/A
- What do I want my nice to grow up with?
- What would I teach myself as a teenager?
- What would I teach myself as an early adult?
- What would I have taught myself as I began transformation?
- References to science and other meditation techniques and practices
- Reading lists
- How to deal with early awakening. The truth about puberty
- Sexual energy, touch, intimacy, abuse, communication, connection, wants, desires, boundaries, grounding, understanding others, parents, hypersensitive
- Spinning table to choose subject for talk / channel
- How to find a tribe, how to spend the time, how to maneuver with school and extra stuff. what daily simple actions improve a child's life

# Learning Ideas

- Rainbow stories
- Music stories, creativity
- Dance
- Love, connection, romance, friendship, gender relationship, money, abundance, opportunities