# 3B.23 Forgiving your body ✅

Write a letter to your body, honestly expressing all of your anger, hatred, pain, and fear towards your body. And then write a letter forgiving your body expressing all of your real feelings towards your body that you're really angry at it for. Don't go unconscious, write down all the nasty thoughts. Once you`re finished, make a list of 100 things that you hate about your body, 100 things that you blame your body for, 100 ways that you reject your body, and 100 ways that you punish your body.
It's a lot of homework, but it is necessary to go deep in this course. 
Take your time with this, write them all down and we're going to remove all those beliefs in the guided meditation. From all your seven chakras and from every area of your life. All the different fears that you have about your body, all the anger. Write down all the beliefs after you've written the letter, and then we're going to clear them and do the forgiveness exercise.
You're going to feel amazing after this. Radical instant healings happen after this exercise. This one literally healed my back.

- 100 things I hate about my body
    1. I hate myself
    2. I have my body
    3. I hate my heart
    4. I hate my voice
    5. I hate my mind
    6. I haste my ears
    7. I hate my skin
    8. I hate my mouth
    9. I hate my belly
    10. I haste my stomach
    11. I hate my liver
    12. I hate my fingers
    13. I hate my little toes
    14. I hate my toe nails
    15. I hate my throat
    16. I hate my chest
    17. I hate my tongue
    18. I hate my eyeballs
    19. I hate my nose
    20. I hate my smell
    21. I hate my tallness
    22. I hate my cranky neck
    23. I hate my bones
    24. I hate my femur
    25. I hate my arteries
    26. I hate my lungs
    27. I hate my little fingers
    28. I hate my self expression
    29. I haste the rigidness in my body
    30. I hate my toe nails
    31. I hate my ear cartilages
    32. How my belly looks at the mirror
    33. How I can’t smile on the mirror
    34. How I can’t seem to like myself
    35. How I can’t love people as I would like to
    36. How to show appreciation
    37. How to take time for myself
    38. How it moves
    39. How it sounds
    40. How it expresses
    41. The noises it makes
    42. The smells it makes
    43. The body process
    44. Its digestion
    45. Its intestines
    46. How it creates waste
    47. How it releases waste
    48. How it manages waste
    49. How it creates anti consciousness
    50. How it looks
    51. How it sees others
    52. How it projects on others
    53. How it process others
    54. How it moves
    55. How it looks
    56. How I can’t seem to touch myself with love
    57. How to self care
    58. How to feel pleasure safely
    59. How to pleasure myself with love and compassion
    60. How to enjoy the body physically
    61. How to drop the past stories
    62. How to love people around me
    63. How to respect my ancestors
    64. How to pray my loved ones
    65. How to love my past
    66. How to love my inner child
    67. How to respect my journey
    68. How to accept my journey
    69. How to clear myself from the past without being harsh with myself
    70. How to create a world with loving possibilities
    71. How it makes sounds
    72. How it looks
    73. How it feels in the belly
    74. I hate my belly
    75. I hate my father
    76. I hate his laziness
    77. I hate my laziness
    78. I hate my pain
    79. I hate my father’s pain
    80. I hate their pain
    81. I hate the pain of everyone else in my body
    82. I hate the lack of boundaries
    83. I hate the lack of self awareness
    84. The lack of privacy
    85. The self hatred
    86. The unlovable thoughts
    87. The unlovable behaviours
    88. The lack of emotional expression
    89. The lack of emotional intelligence
    90. The lack of anger management
    91. The tension in my jaw
    92. The tension in my diaphragm
    93. The tension in my ears
    94. The tension in my mouth
    95. The tension in my forehead
    96. In my third eye
    97. Pineal gland
    98. The pain of my digestive track
    99. The inside of my organs
    100. The unloving thoughts
- 100 ways I reject my body
    1. I don’t exercise
    2. I don’t go out for a walk
    3. I don’t smile
    4. I don’t look up to the sky
    5. I don’t enjoy the sun
    6. I don’t go to the mountains
    7. I don’t do climbing
    8. I don’t do friends
    9. I don’t do parties
    10. I don’t take time for myself
    11. I don’t take time for others
    12. I obsess with my healing journey
    13. I don’t hangout with people
    14. I don’t take time to enjoy
    15. I don’t hold myself in peace
    16. I don’t take time for my parents
    17. I don’t love my process
    18. I can’t sing
    19. I can’t take time for myself
    20. I can’t express myself
    21. I can’t grow outside in nature
    22. I don’t take time for myself
    23. I don’t do body weight
    24. I don’t train
    25. I don’t travel
    26. I don’t heal
    27. I repeat my same patterns
    28. I take from others
    29. I take myself too seriously
    30. Or to vaguely
    31. I don’t express myself and my emotions
    32. I don’t hold space lovingly to myself
    33. I don’t take care of my needs
    34. Nor my desires
    35. I don’t know who I am
    36. I don’t express who I am with the fear of being rejected
    37. I don’t respect my needs
    38. I don’t respect my desires
    39. I don’t respect my process
    40. I don’t trust
    41. I don’t trust myself
    42. I don’t trust God
    43. I fear God will let me down
    44. I don’t go out
    45. I don’t take enough time for self care
    46. I don’t have a structure
    47. I don’t discipline
    48. I don’t take care of my needs
    49. I don’t explain myself in a compassionate way to others
    50. I assume things
    51. I don’t tell the truth about myself
    52. I don’t hear people the way they want me to hear
    53. I don’t hold people
    54. I don’t take care of their needs
    55. I unacknowledge their desires
    56. I create disassociation in the people I go see
    57. I can’t express my needs
    58. I can’t express my emotions
    59. I hold my anger
    60. I hold my fear
    61. I hold my sadness
    62. I hold my grief
    63. I hold my disgust
    64. Is not safe to show my disgust
    65. I can’t fully express my emotions
    66. I don’t travel
    67. I don’t enjoy beauty
    68. I don’t travel to pretty places
    69. I don’t treat my body well
    70. I don’t hold myself in accountability
    71. I don’t enjoy the beach
    72. I reject the sea
    73. I don’t go on travel holidays
    74. I live in scarcity
    75. I live in lack
    76. I run away from my problems
    77. I avoid conflict
    78. I avoid challenging conversation
    79. I avoid challenging communication
    80. I avoid challenging experiences
    81. I avoid growth
    82. I step small
    83. I create small
    84. I don’t listen
    85. I don’t create love in my life
    86. I create confusion
    87. Disassociation
    88. Lacking experiences
    89. Proving myself I am not worthy
    90. Lack emotional stability
    91. Lack mental health
    92. Not create enough abundance
    93. Enough prosperity
    94. Lacking financial stability
    95. Lacking financial prosperity
    96. Lacking personal security
    97. Personal safety
    98. Safe environment
    99. Trust environment
    100. Confidence

- 100 things I blame my body for
    1. I blame it for my time at school
    2. I blame it for my sadness
    3. For my loneliness
    4. For my tears
    5. For my failures
    6. For my breakups
    7. For my parents
    8. My sister
    9. My cousin
    10. My uncles and aunties
    11. My great aunt
    12. The death of my great uncle
    13. The death of my second cousin
    14. My great grandfather’s passing
    15. My sisters pain
    16. My parents misunderstandings
    17. My niece’s life
    18. My niece’s subconscious body
    19. For my bad marks
    20. For my bad teachers
    21. For my bat school subjects
    22. For my language
    23. For my nationality
    24. For my school mates
    25. For my long lost friendships
    26. For my classrooms
    27. For my enemies
    28. For my friends
    29. For my sister’s friends
    30. For my unfriends
    31. For my time at school
    32. For autumn being beautiful and not being able to enjoy it anymore
    33. For my lost childhood
    34. My teenagehood being challenging
    35. My challenges at adulthood
    36. For my financial situation
    37. For not having enough money
    38. For not creating enough art
    39. For not creating enough love
    40. For not finding love earlier
    41. For not loving my child enough
    42. For not loving myself enough
    43. For not loving my wife enough
    44. For creating disassociation with myself
    45. For my mental health
    46. For my mental condition
    47. For my self rejection
    48. For my uncried tears
    49. For my loving situation
    50. For not knowing where to head
    51. My confusion
    52. My inability to hold space
    53. For not knowing how to hold space in groups
    54. For not running workshops
    55. For not creating a new paradigm
    56. For not creating a new world
    57. For loving others more than myself
    58. For not supporting my body kindly
    59. For lack of compassion
    60. For rushing
    61. For shortcuts
    62. For my past
    63. For my trainings
    64. Not been able to love myself before
    65. For my years lost
    66. For the friendships lost
    67. For the love of my mother
    68. And the love of my father
    69. For my partner’s love
    70. For my partners mother
    71. Not been able to show up for others before
    72. For letting people down
    73. For creating pain in exes
    74. For breaking up with my past
    75. For not listening to people’s lies and stories
    76. For taking care of myself
    77. For creating a new future for myself
    78. For taking too much time in my process
    79. For not knowing how to let go
    80. For not being there yet
    81. For creating anti consciousness
    82. For not loving my father
    83. For not accepting my mother
    84. For rejecting my sister
    85. For their pains
    86. And their loved ones
    87. For my family’s curses
    88. For my family’s pains
    89. The tear of my ancestors
    90. The pains of those before me
    91. The hurt of society
    92. The death in society
    93. The death in the world
    94. The long lost tribes
    95. The animal kingdom extinction
    96. The long lost love for the world
    97. The respect of the world
    98. The not loving
    99. The creation of anti consciousness
    100. The pain in the evil world
- 100 ways I punish my body
    1. Holding myself responsible for what doesn’t go well
    2. I create trouble
    3. I hold lies of others
    4. I create unsatisfaction
    5. I hold pain
    6. I create lies
    7. I hold misconduct
    8. I create misunderstandings
    9. I hold anger
    10. I create confusion
    11. I hold tears
    12. I create negative thoughts
    13. I create subconscious thoughts
    14. I hold resentment
    15. I withhold contentment
    16. I withhold joy
    17. I create disassociation
    18. I take
    19. I don’t give
    20. I don’t ask for permission
    21. I indulge
    22. I lust
    23. I take drugs (sometimes)
    24. I don’t take enough vitamins & supplements
    25. I can’t stop smoking fully
    26. I can’t stop dreaming about disassociation
    27. I create dissonance within my closest relationships
    28. I take from others
    29. I eat heavily
    30. I eat sugars
    31. I eat processed foods (sometimes)
    32. I can’t let go of weight
    33. I can’t have a 6 pack
    34. I can’t look good
    35. I can’t be 100% healthy
    36. I don’t eat vegetarian
    37. I don’t take care of my green juices
    38. I don’t take care of my situation (100%)
    39. I don’t take time for my hobbies
    40. I can’t express myself freely
    41. I don’t take time alone
    42. I am terrified of time alone
    43. I create punishment around me
    44. I self punish
    45. I starve
    46. Or overindulge
    47. I don’t get enough fresh air
    48. I don’t water myself enough
    49. I don’t shower enough
    50. I don’t clear my home enough
    51. I don’t create enough opportunities
    52. I don’t hold myself enough
    53. I don’t love myself enough
    54. I don’t am enough
    55. I am not enough
    56. I believe I am not enough
    57. I protect others despite my pain
    58. I don’t let other people down to avoid their pain
    59. I don’t tell people the truth about myself
    60. I don’t tell people the truth about them
    61. I over eat
    62. I eat unhealthy fats
    63. I eat unhealthy carbs
    64. I eat unhealthy protein
    65. I don’t take my body into consideration
    66. I don’t listen to my body
    67. I don’t listen to my self
    68. I don’t listen to my guides
    69. I listen to the bad guides
    70. I get bad ideas
    71. I follow bad ideas
    72. I hurt myself
    73. I hurt others
    74. I disassociate others
    75. I hate myself
    76. I reject myself
    77. I disgust myself
    78. I don’t release
    79. I don’t take care of my emotions
    80. I don’t listen to my needs
    81. I drink more than I need
    82. I drink less than I need
    83. I drink in wrong temperatures
    84. I eat cold
    85. Or eat too hot
    86. I create disharmony in my self
    87. I create disharmony in others
    88. I don’t listen others
    89. I don’t acknowledge myself in the space
    90. I don’t acknowledge my dreams
    91. I don’t listen to my guides
    92. I don’t hold my fears in compassion
    93. I run away
    94. I escape
    95. I don’t nourish myself
    96. I run away
    97. I don’t wash things enough
    98. I avoid responsibility
    99. I create pain
    100. I don’t hold my inner child