# Detachment

Chapter: 1.1
Count: 303
Description: Good points to develop
No: Yes
Yes: No

<aside>
💡 Positive & Negative attatchments - how transcende and ascension is to stay in non judgement of anything

</aside>

# Surrender Part 1

The first step is to surrender. Surrender to the Truth that we cannot control what happens to us. How many times have you tried to get, change, do, become, acquire, fulfil anything for yourself. And when you have 'succeded' in it, have you really? Or has it shown you another layer of your self? The first step is to surrender. To realise we don;t understand the game. To realise that no matter what 'I' do, 'I' don't get it. We admit we are out of control. That no matter how many years have passed, as much as I do something, it never really turns out to be 100% great for us. If I do something that gives me something back, I end up unbalancing another area of my life. When I am healthy, I have money issues. When I am more spiritually in tune, I have relationship issues. When I am more successful, I feel out of control. When I feel at one with myself, I can't fulfill my wants.

The more we continue by trying to change that which is around us, we are on the verge of our own wants and unwants. The more we believe that we are in control of what happens around us, we are actually letting the darker side of ourselves guide us through it. The more that we continue trying to control the things that happen around us, we continue denying that there is a higher intelligence moving through us.

What would it be like to say I don't have any control about what happens to me, and despite this move forward looking at life as if it had been made specially for me?