# Journal

Created: October 21, 2023 12:11 PM
Tags: Reflections

What I did to Marc has no name. I am completely letting go of the responsibility due to the fact that it wasn’t my fault either. He was there and he offered to play with me in such a way. I wasnt more aware that I am now and he became the first person who decided to put a finger in my ass. I wasnt happy about it, he was the one who had the idea, he became the first person on putting a bag of cocaine in front of me as a way to pay up for the bill that we had since we were children. Poor guy, I am super sad of who has become and what he has been doing with his life. He seems to be fine and i am not responsible for what’s happened to him, nor his fasther who has become a poor grandpa without grandchildren and who most probably will die as without grandchildren. I am releasing all responsibility for their life and the life of their potential descendants for everything I have done. I am a loving man who proposed Marc many times many ways to become a better person and Marc deliberately rejected all my offerings until I became descouraged to propose and let thim go into his vorte of dissapearance.

I am not of this worl, I was born in another galaxy full of blue and full of love and I am here to become the next coming into this realm you call Earth. I am that which has no name. that which has no face. that which has no love greater than the universe. I am the love that has no limits. the love thast has no birth and no death.

I am here to become you, to become the greatest love that this wold has ever seen. I am thast I am and I am here to love and love and love and love and become the beautiful soul that became the greatest love that this planet could ever see.

I am here to become the greatest love that this world has ever seen and I am in love with my love and my love is my life and my life is this planetary system you call solar system.

I am all of the planets, all of the galaxies, of the known universe and beyond.

I am the love that floats out and pours out of anything and everything, every grain of sand and every moment of wind.

I am the love that has no ending, the love that has come here to heal and to clear this realm of every responsibility with the hjuman annunnaki experience, to become one with the cosmos and release all generational and transgenerational trauma behind.

I am that I am

I am that I am

I am