# 19th November

# 1A.4 What is disease?

- What were you taught about disease? Who does it happen to?
    - It happens to people who don’t take care of themselves, who eat unhealthily, who don’t exercise. That emotions don’t cause disease. That some diseases are incurable and you should aim to pass on the pain and give up on healing. It happens to random people, without notice. There’s no connection to the transgenerational trauma.
- Is it just a matter of luck?
    - Mostly, yes. People just get the lottery with disease. They suddenly get ill. They are powerless. They need medications to be ‘saved’. You can’t fight disease with mental or emotional health, or with a healthy diet and sporty routine.
- Is it just random?
    - Yes. Bad people get bad illness. They may have done something to deserve it. Or they are too victim poor people who are unquestionably meant to suffer or leave the physical plane.
- Were you taught that a pill could save you, that you didn't have to take responsibility for your health, that you shouldn't have to care for your health? And the other people got
away with never having to think about their health?
    - Yes. Some people would have bad habits all their life and be healthy and some people would be healthy and get potent health issues or illness. You could smoke all life and be happy or not smoke and have lung cancer. And this excuse was used for everything in regards to taking care of your health. Or beyond that, since you are going to be sick of anything, might as well be bad and actively unhealthy in some habits otherwise you’d die of old in a terrible healthy manner, old and in suffering. Or old and super needed to be taken care of, and who would want that.
    - Health is something that comes with your genes, either you are ill or you are healthy. And you can’t take action to mitigate or prevent illness. And even if you could, there is no point. Who would want to make the bet to take care of oneself if God is around the corner ready to betray you. God will punish the poor without a reason. God is vengeful, why take care of oneself if God can decide to take you away for no understandable reason, if you are ‘good’.
    - Some people are naturally healthily born and some people act their whole life in a clearly unhealthy way and live long lives.
    - Yes. Pills are here to take away your pain. Not to cure you, just to take away discomfort and to numb the pain. To make you not feel. And there is no reason to think that anything must have happened to create or feel the pain on the first place. No need to check oneself, self enquiry, or be self curious about ones life choices to find out what may have gone sideways in this.
- And were you taught that being healthy is hard?
    - What is hard is being thin, being happy, being loving, being healthy is only seen as having muscle and having abdominals. Everything else has nothing to do with being healthy. Either you are a magazine toned man or women or you need a diet or you are unhealthy.
- Were you taught that it's something you'd have to workout for hours at the gym and only eat a specific thing?
    - Yes. You have to work hard for it. You have to be thin to be healthy. To workout. To eat less. To eat salad. To not eat carbs.
- What were you taught about health?
    - That breathing free of blockages or mucus is being healthy. That health is something you can’t control. You can be born unhealthy, develop an early illness, die suddenly. Therefor why take care of one, if God may just take me away at any time, for no apparent reason.
- What were you taught about things that create a disease?
Were you taught that you could abuse your body on Saturday and Sunday as long as you treat it kindly the rest of the days of the week?
    - Being drunk is cool. Being unhealthy is not a big deal. Who is healthy, anyway. They all must be lying. Saturday and Sunday are the cheating days, where you can drink as much Coke as you like and party or go crazy or unlearn study as you can. To be lazy.
    - The week is to be disciplined, ordered, organised. To fulfil family expectations, school expectations, familiar expectations. You had to listen to people in the school no matter who they are or what they say. And they must have the Truth. You are to obey. To shut up. To listen and to repeat. To be a monkey. To learn to be a piece in the whole system. To be a robot.
- What were you taught about your body?
    - That is not my own. It belongs to someone else. That I can’t be right about myself. That it doesn’t matter what I think or feel about myself or my body. That others will overpower me anyway. That is good to carry more weight of the needed. That it will take care of me. That having a belly is being fat. That being fat is being ugly. That being ugly means I can’t have what I truly want in life. That I am to be rejected for my looks. That I have to suck my belly and smile. That I have to be a good boy.
- What were you taught would make you sick and what were you taught would make you healthy?
    - Smoking, sugars, doing too much of anything. Having a passion. That would make me sick.
    - Greens, salad, sport, running, playing padel, having good marks. That would make me healthy.

# 1A.6 Creating and Discreating Emotions

1. This ___________ is blocking my health.
2. This ___________ is stuck in my energy field.
3. This ___________ is stuck in my mind.
4. This ___________ is stuck in my body.
5. This ___________ is stuck in my (organ or body system of choice) choice.
6. This ___________ is stuck in my DNA
7. This ___________ belongs to my ancestors.
8. This emotion is stuck in my electromagnetic field.
9. This ___________ is mine.
10. I have other peoples _________ in my energy, organs, body.

1. Digestive System
2. Muscular System
3. Integumentary System
4. Lymphatic System
5. Endocrine System
6. Nervous System
7. Skeletal System
8. Reproductive System
9. Respiratory System
10. Urinary System
11. Circulatory System

| **Emotion to get rid off** | **Bodies Parts Muscle Test it was In**  | **Emotion I want to replace it with** | **Body Parts I want it to be In** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Depression | 1,3,4,6,7,8,9
51,53,55,57,59 | Love, Unconditional Love, Life, Joy, Appreciation, Self Love, Courage, Trust | Heart, Eyes, Ears, Liver, Kidneys, Digestive System |
| Shame | 4,9,10
51,52,54,57,59,511 | Courage, Love, Self Care, Self Love, Self Confidence, Trust, Acceptance,  | Eyes, mouth, throat, lungs, brain, blood vessels, nerves, lymphs, skull, bones |
| Sexual Pleasure / Desire / Repression | 1,2,3,4,6,8,10
1,4,5,6,9,11 | Peace, Sexual Balance, Healthy Pleasure, Kindness, Tenderness, Self Acceptance, Self confidence, Joy, Love, Unconditional Love | Heart, Gut, Groin, Lungs, nervous system, endocrine system |
| Resentment | 1,2,3,4,6,8,10
51,52,54,55,57,58,59,511 | Love, Forgiveness, Gratitude, Kindness, Acceptance, Joy, Strength, Courage | Heart, Brain, Lungs, Sex organs, blood, nerves |
| Hurt | 1,3,4,7,9,10
51,52,54,55,56,57,510,511 | Forgiveness, Gratitude, Joy, Acceptance, Confidence, Self care, Discipline, Love, Tenderness, Will | Heart, Brain, Lungs, Liver, Pancreas, Stomach, Intestines, Oesophagus, Ears, Eyes, Face, Respiratory System, Kidneys, Muscles, Skin, Hair  |
| Joy | 2,4,6,8,10
51,52,54,55,57,58, | Healthy Joy, Love, Kindness, Gratitude, Appreciation, Self confidence, Acceptance | Heart, Brain, Muscles, Reproductive System, Gut, Blood, Blood vessels, nerves, skin, joints, lymph nodes |
| Sadness | 1,2,3,4,6,8,9,
51,56,57,59,510 | Unconditional Joy, Love, Tenderness, Kindness, Self Acceptance | Lymphatic system, Gut, Genitals, Skeleton, Heart, Blood |
| Rejection | 1,4,6,10
52,54,58,59,510,511  | Love, Enlightenment, Transcendence, Awakening, Self love, self care, Being part of, belonging | Ear lobes, heart, lungs, liver, pancreas, intestines, skeleton, genitals, larynges, kidneys, gall bladder,  |
| Helplessness / Powerlessness | 1,2,3,4,6,7,8,
51,52,54,55,56,58,510,511 | Strength, courage, power, contentment, transcendence, will, divine will, tenderness, love, unconditional love, joy | Eyes, ears, lymphs, blood, liver, kidneys, stomach, intestines, gut, nerves, |
| Anger | 1,2, 7, 8, 9, 10, 
52, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 510, 511 | Love, Unconditional Love, Patience, Awareness, Acceptance, Kindness, Gratitude | Brain, Heart, Lungs, Stomach, Liver, Kidneys, Blood Vessels, nerves, Skeleton, Lymphs, Muscles (Bone Muscles, smooth muscle), Large Intestine, small intestine, joints |
| Fear | 1,2,3,4,7,8,9,10 52,53,54,55,56,57,58,59,510,511 | Unconditional Love, Courage, Belonging | Heart, Lungs, Respiratory System, Nervous System, Brain, Knees, Skeleton, Lymph Nodes, Integumentary System |

# 1B.10 Muscle Testing

[Muscle Testing Filed](19th%20November%204644292b5d30477a884494cfb54d0236/Untitled.pdf)