# Launch & Grow

# My BIG Why

true meaning of spirituality and finding the essence in themselves to become their inner teachers, guides and masters

My intention is to teach people the true meaning of Spirituality, for them to reconnect deeply with the Self, and to awaken and spark the excitement and joy of life. To teach them how to be child like. For them to become their inner teacher and to master the energetics of our being. To discover the wonders of the energy bodies into the magical beings that we are. To grow and expand into a new way of living in this planet. To rewrite the story that we have been telling ourselves about ourselves into the great mysteries of the quantum life.

spiritual awakening and radically changing areas of their life, shift of perspective, excitement in life, finding themselves in a wholistic way

switch on the light, the essence in you

completion

find peace in their actions, in their life

trusting they are in the right place at the right time - syncronicity

release anxiety and self-judgement into love

give people breakthroughs into their healing practice

bring them alive

performance and focus in their gifts

lifestyle awareness and awakening to their true self

Feeling on fire when with high level clients

<aside>
💡 Action → Module 1, Dharma

</aside>

# My BIG BIG Why

To shift the way children are raised. 

# Top 3

- Abuse in childhood - lack of voice
- Self doubt to empowerment and full trust
- Spiritual completion - feeling joyous - peace - fulfilment in life
- Become a spiritual teacher and the magic of life

<aside>
💡 Action → Module 3, Niche - Especialised

</aside>

- Being Magic - spiritual teacher + master the rewriting of past - release abuse and self doubt into trust

# Who do you need to become? How do you see yourself in the world?

- Master in energy - awakening - quantum physics adaptation to spirituality
- Magic & Child like - joy & excitement for life
- Spiritual Teacher

<aside>
💡 I am so happy and grateful now that i am [...]
a master in energetics
magic and child like, joyous
a spiritual teacher

</aside>

<aside>
💡 Action → Self study courses in these
→ What's on the way? Beliefs? Clear them. Skillset? Learn
→ What do I need to do to have students to teach in the same class? Is this how I deliver? What's your version of how others do?

</aside>

# Understand Your Client

<aside>
💡 Action → Module 3, Ideal Client Avatar

</aside>

- Demographics + Psychographics
- Age, gender, mindset, challenges

## ICA

- Understanding the spiritual self
- Learning about energetic mastery
- Rewriting past abuse
- 

## Get Clear on Your Transformation

<aside>
💡 What is the tangible measurable result they get → simple

</aside>

- Give people the breakthroughs to release long lasting negative stories - release self judgement on their actions
- transform abusive behaviours
- 

## Design Your Package

- Incremental changes every 3 month
- Different prices for different mindsets
- 1 discounted price for a one time payment for the long program or instalments of more price.

## Demonstrate Your Value to an Audience

<aside>
💡 Commitment to locking 5 clients

</aside>

- Collaborate with other modalities (yoga, healers)
- Online event → Module 4, High Converting Webinars

<aside>
💡 Action → Module 3, Getting Clients Right Away → Signing On New Clients PDF

</aside>

<aside>
💡 Action → Work on beliefs around getting clients, hosting online events, live videos

</aside>

# Clarity Call Follow Up

- Email
- Contract for long term program
- Payment link through stripe, paypal, or bank details for transfer