# Guitar post

Description: Philosophy

I feel more fulfilled now than I have ever felt before. And don't get me wrong, there's a lot more unknown in my life than there's ever been. 

There's also a lot more flow and trust than I have ever known as possible.

My daily practice is the surrendering of that which is. Is to make sure that there is not any self-abuse in when I am meant to be anything that I have not been yet.

Self abuse occurs when you force yourself to be anything that you are not. It comes from the Ego. 

The Ego constructs are there to keep you safe, so I don't see the Ego as the enemy, I see the Ego as the ignorance of a better way.

Effort is the force against some resistance to reverse it.

Self abuse comes when we overact the effort needed for us to be that which we are not sure we are. When we overact the effort needed for anything to take place, we bypass in some level a deeper teaching, that will eventually come back to us through something more challenging.

Effortless becoming is the minimum amount of effort needed for you to become yourself. With no struggle, with no unnecessary steps. 

It's the right amount of effort, at the right time, for the right reason.

I have forced myself in the past to be something I was not, creating more trauma in my being.

The Spiritual Ego is very cheeky. It tells you where it thinks it can beat the old Ego and it pushes you towards it, not realising that itself is made from limitations, which will not bring up the right transformation for you. Will lead you into challenging branches of the same thing, confusing your path with that which is the path of others or the mainstream path, which is a 1 size fits all and that mostly leaves people unaware of their Truth.

I have learnt to become very still and to hear the subtleties of my body speaking as a messenger from my higher self.

Sometimes I don't realise how far have I gone, overcoming 70% of my subconscious programming that has occurred on 30 years of life.

Sometimes I don't realise how sensitive that makes me and how easy it is for me to pick up patterns from others. As a blank canvas, once cleared I have to be sharp with what makes up my time and awareness.

The more I open the more I find how much I end when you begin and how much we end and begin as a wave ends up and begins into another wave, all as part of the ocean. And when the ocean is strong, me as a wave will be inevitably affected by the whole, leaving me no much more option than learning to be myself even when what occurs to me is not controlled by me. And when a wave next to me shakes it may probably shake me too.

We are beings made by our circumstances. Our parents, upbringing, education, social situation, cultural background, early adulthood.

We are ever changing beings made of energy where we can't yet understand where the limits of our reality lay. Where Truth keeps evolving as we do and more light is shone in places where we are unaware of the limitations that we have.

As a human race we are learning to treat ourselves as we could not even imagine how to treat ourselves. To love each other fully as we love our own family. And how much do we truly love our own hands, legs, feet, belly, chest, neck, eyes and internal organs? How are we expecting to see a different world outside of ourselves if we keep on bypassing that which is our most beloved being in our lives, which is oneself?

Loving oneself is challenging. No one before us has been able to teach that to us. And using more of the require effort is not going to get us there faster. 

Don't force yourself to be something that you are not. Don't force yourself to practice exercise if it does not feel right. Do not sit up for meditation if it creates more anxiety than it releases.

Your body will light up when you propose a practice for it. Your body will not tell you you have to begin your practice by doing 2 hours of exercise followed up for 1 hour of breathing and 1 of meditation. The ego will, as it will try to overcompensate as a way of keeping you on the same spot.

Your first practice may be to massage your own neck for 5 minutes, then your lower back for 2, and your arms for 4. And you may be done for the day.

That is effortless becoming.

Your body needs to be heard. It doesn't need you to prove anything to it. Some love will crack it open. Not forceful fearful based intentions and practices of becoming something you are not.

What is a daily practice that will bring more ease and joy into your being? What is something that you can invest for yourself and your body that will generate that state of consciousness you are seeking? What are all those patterns that you have let subconscious automatic parts of yourself take control of your life that you would benefit from reclaiming now?

When we ask questions we open space for new awareness and consciousness to come to us.

A questions is an invitation for a new energy to come into your space. Tt is a calling for new and more updated consciousness into your being.

What is the most transformative and exciting path you can have in your life and still be as effortless as possible? To allow life to flow through you with you having to do not much to prove your worth to it. 

Is your worth coming from what you do, or who you say you are, or is it because of being you? And what would a being like you actually be everything that you could be?

Every living thing is unique and you are to find what it means to be you. To discover yourself anew everyday. To allow the ever-changing nature of the human nature to shape the reality around you.

What does it mean to be you? What are the projections that have been projected that are limiting you, and what are the aspects that you think are not changeable of you which actually are? Can you embrace a new way of being you, away from projections and limitations from others points of view?

What can you be every day that shows you the multi-dimensionality of your being? TO realise the changing nature of your being?

We have been programmed to see the outside as the creator of our inner state. That is very disempowering. What I see is that the inner state creates the outer world. It's about us realising that when we choose different today we create a new possibility.

Would you rather live in a world that affects you and your mood and the capacity of you being you or to live in a world that is affected by you and where the action that occur outside of you have no effect on you whatsoever? So you get to choose your mood despite that which seems is happening outside.

It requires certain mastery to be able to hold such states of consciousness long time in our field of perception.

 

The words flow out of me through my quiet field. Being still I can feel the flow of words beaming out of my crown and into the person's field I have in front of me.

The words land in the subconscious like past trauma obliterators. They alter and transform everything that is not them and creates space for more awareness and consciousness to grow.