# Short says

Description: slides

- Triggers are two directional. You can't trigger someone without you being triggered first. You can't hold space for someone if you are being triggered by them being triggered
- Yo have one choice only. To either open or close your heart, at any given situation. If you can't be it at the moment, you can realise this after, release the fear, and the situation will naturally improve.
- You are each other's medicine. Everyone and you are in a subconscious master plan to allow each of you to realise your shadows. You can then choose to open the heart and clear it for both of you or to close your heart, separate, and both carry it for the next time. Some medicines are taken without knowledge, and some may be bitter than others. Don't diminish yourself because your medicine is bitter to someone else, some can receive only from a limited space, and that's not to judge how you show up fo their own growth.
- The world shifts when you shift. As it's your own hallucination. When you change the way you respond to the world the world changes. If the outside is the reflection of the inside the only thing you can ever take care of is yourself. When you are being fully yourself, the world is being fully what it can be. You are its medicine. Your purpose comes by being yourself totally and in the present moment, in the place where you don't think of your path. When you are for the joy of enjoyment, your mission shifts to something higher. Anywhere where you have an answer you're solidifying yourself to it.
- You can find your anchor into a self realisation state, in which you trust who you are and what you know to be True. From there you can commit to the process and go as deep as possible to come through the other side. Your emotions guide you to your liberation. Allow yourself to feel. Allow your mind to quiet. Drop the tryings and doings and become a being that you are when there's no unconscious. Your soul is your guide.

# Offerings

- When we speak I encourage you to bring up that which is most alive at the moment, and I ask the right questions to unpack the challenge in all its folded origami sides. When you unpack the story, the energy begins to dissipate, when I have enough of a dimension perspective about your words and the words between the lines then I can guide you to go deeper into your experience and what you are feeling, uncovering very rooted and deep traumatic events in your life and childhood. By holding space in that way, you can transmute the energies that were stuck in your bodies through my deep presence.
- I offer a state of deep healing presence. When I enter your space, I can sense the subconscious patterns, limitations and projections as you speak your challenge or situation. I ask you questions to deepen the enquiry and guide you to the realisation of the role you're taking and release the energy that is attached to it. The shift is immediate and the actions you take subconsciously alter immediately. This is great because if you and your subconscious have managed to create a challenge in your life because of the shadows that you are, when cleared it only allows space for more consciousness to expand which leads to positive subconscious actions which lead to exponential transformation and actualisation of your true heart's desires.
- Deep programming has occurred to all of us in more than 20 years of life being conditioned by parents, school system, government, cultural and traditional, genetics and collective. Some patterns are more running your everyday life like relationships and work and overall wellbeing. Others are deep layers of subconscious body traumatic experiences, and are more like nail bitting, bad skin, ticks, nervousness, anxiety expressed through the physical body, etc.
- How you do one thing is how you do everything. How you shower, how you eat, how you sort out your room, how you take care of objects, is ultimately linked to how you relate to people, how you take care of yourself, and how you allow abundance into your life. These subconscious neural-programming are the basis of your other subconscious patterns like relationships and work.
    - Root: body tightness, tension, body posture, breath
    - On top: body ticks and unconscious behaviour like nail picking, nervous ticks
    - On top: unconscious language: insane, sick, cool, yeah, sure, whatever, I don't care, fuck that, It's not my problem
    - On top: relationship challenges, arguments, anger, passive aggressiveness, escaping, closing down, freezing, abusing, being abused
- How you interact with your own body is the way you experience life as it is. The amount of love, care, joy. How much you allow yourself to receive love from everything and everyone is how much you love your own body.
- It's all but a game to bring into you the divine spirit as you as ego dissolve yourself into it.
- When unattached to all options, your prophetic gift opens and you begin knowing what will be as it will be the perspective you can see of the world as you are able to look thru the lense of the mind. How much of these filters aka shadows you've cleaned up you are able to see beyond the physical world into the quantum. In there all possibilities do exist and you shift your paradigm onto the ones you most align with, which means that the more you open your heart when you face a fear you align yourself to a deeper sense of light.
- 

# Projects

- Residency coliving transformational space. Regular therapies and group workshops, regular follow up in a pyramidal structure where more senior students hold space for newer. Initiations required. Prerequisites on weekly activities.
- What group approach would work for me to guide them into becoming who they truly are, clearing the biggest and most challenging traumas and conditioning and learning how to begin holding space for themselves and others?
- 

# Breakthroughs

- When you know what kind of human you are most aligned with, you can begin by acting the day to day action of such a being. That light that you would be in everything you can begin on acting now. Take the actions that are routinely into action and begin to see how all your life changes positively. When you engage in the habits of highly successful people you begin to open more doors to yourself to exponentially ascend. The ones that you feel with an open heart, and release the fears around it. So if you realise that if you were that loving and present and successful in somewhat what your heart desires, you would also probably have changed in daily actions and how you break down the time of the day, in hours and sections, to be able to perform and live present most of the day, which allows you to actualise more as you engage proactively into the energy of transmutation that comes from feeling the challenge of embodying those qualities as it washes through everything that is not you. Basically it's like a 'stay awake and don't get bored' game for making sure you remain present and in that you discover and love yourself. How you would suddenly feel like stretching or observing or playing, or looking at your reflection, or exploring the surroundings without nothing which requires the mind like reading or journaling.